Peter Navarro releases 36-page report alleging election fraud more than sufficient to swing victory to Trump A great report by Peter. Statistically impossible to have lost the 2020 Election. Big protest in D.C. on January 6th. Be there, will be wild!
Congratulations, the Moderna vaccine is now available!
THANK YOU to the GREAT men and women of and for driving through the storms this week to deliver millions of doses of the vaccine across the country. Two Great American Companies!
The Secretary of State and Governor of Georgia, both so-called Republicans, arent allowing Fulton County to go through the vital Voter Signature Verification process. Also, they are not allowing Republican watchers to be present and verify!
Governor of Georgia still has not called a Special Session. So easy to do, why is he not doing it? It will give us the State. MUST ACT NOW!
Oh, they do this to me every day. When will they apologize?
. and Republican Senators have to get tougher, or you wont have a Republican Party anymore. We won the Presidential Election, by a lot. FIGHT FOR IT. Dont let them take it away!
Well, at least she was happy when I pardoned Scooter Libby. We got a GREAT new Senator from her state, not Liz!
The Russia Hoax becomes an even bigger lie!
Europe and other parts of the World being hit hard by the China Virus - Germany, France, Spain and Italy, in particular. The vaccines are on their way!!!
Moderna vaccine overwhelmingly approved. Distribution to start immediately.
I am very disappointed in the United States Supreme Court, and so is our great country!
New Peter Strzok Texts Undermine Official Narrative on Start of Russia Collusion Investigation via Check out last in his class John McCain, one of the most overrated people in D.C.
We won Wisconsin big. They rigged the vote!
Thank you!
Tommy will be more popular than ever before - a hero!
Thats because he is a great champion and man of courage. More Republican Senators should follow his lead. We had a landslide victory, and then it was swindled away from the Republican Party - but we caught them. Do something!
Democrats would never put up with a Presidential Election stolen by the Republicans!
Just released data shows many thousands of noncitizens voted in Nevada. They are totally ineligible to vote!
I will Veto the Defense Bill, which will make China very unhappy. They love it. Must have Section 230 termination, protect our National Monuments and allow for removal of military from far away, and very unappreciative, lands. Thank you!
Crazy!
I have NOTHING to do with the potential prosecution of Hunter Biden, or the Biden family. It is just more Fake News. Actually, I find it very sad to watch!
All-time Stock Market high. The Vaccine and the Vaccine rollout are getting the best of reviews. Moving along really well. Get those shots everyone! Also, stimulus talks looking very good.
Michigan fraud witness totally debunks Dominion CEO. It was brutal!
TRUE!
Chris Krebs was totally excoriated and proven wrong at the Senate Hearing on the Fraudulent 2020 Election. Massive FRAUD took place with machines, people voting from out of state, illegals, dead people, no signaturesand so much more!
Former United States Solicitor General Ken Starr Pennsylvania Flagrantly Violated Laws Ahead of Election.
Senate Hearings going on LIVE as to the Fraudulent 2020 Election that just took place. doing an excellent job. Nevada must be flipped based on testimony!
Perhaps the biggest difference between 2016 and 2020 is despite the fact that I went from 63,000,000 Votes to 75,000,000 Votes, a record 12,000,000 Vote increase. Obama went down 3,000,000 Votes, and won. Rigged Election!!!
Cant believe how badly is doing in the ratings. They played right into the hands of the Radical Left Democrats, now are floating in limboland. Hiring fired and far worse, allowing endless negative and unedited commercials. is dead. Really Sad!
So ridiculous and unfair. Will people never make a stand!
Study Dominion Machines shifted 2-3 of Trump Votes to Biden. Far more votes than needed to sway election. Florida, Ohio, Texas and many other states were won by even greater margins than projected. Did just as well with Swing States, but bad things happened.
Trumps allies slam Mitch McConnell for congratulating Biden via Mitch, 75,000,000 VOTES, a record for a sitting President by a lot. Too soon to give up. Republican Party must finally learn to fight. People are angry!
Poll 92 of Republican Voters think the election was rigged!
Franklin Graham I Am Grateful to God for the Last Four Years via Thank you Franklin!
Because of corruption or because I won despite corruption?
Mo Brooks Trump Won the Electoral College --- I Can Be a Part of the Surrender Caucus or I Can Fight for Our Country via
Tremendous evidence pouring in on voter fraud. There has never been anything like this in our Country!
68 error rate in Michigan Voting Machines. Should be, by law, a tiny percentage of one percent. Did Michigan Secretary of State break the law? Stay tuned!
Tremendous problems being found with voting machines. They are so far off it is ridiculous. Able to take a landslide victory and reduce it to a tight loss. This is not what the USA is all about. Law enforcement shielding machines. DO NOT TAMPER, a crime. Much more to come!
Thank you Kevin. Many Trump votes were routed to Biden. The highly respected Michigan Judge released this epic report. True all over the Country. This Fake Election can no longer stand. Get moving Republicans. Big Swing State Win! 75,000,000 VOTES.
This is BIG NEWS. Dominion Voting Machines are a disaster all over the Country. Changed the results of a landslide election. Cant let this happen. Thank you for the genius, bravery, and patriotism of the Judge. Should get a medal!
...Deputy Attorney General Jeff Rosen, an outstanding person, will become Acting Attorney General. Highly respected Richard Donoghue will be taking over the duties of Deputy Attorney General. Thank you to all!
Just had a very nice meeting with Attorney General Bill Barr at the White House. Our relationship has been a very good one, he has done an outstanding job! As per letter, Bill will be leaving just before Christmas to spend the holidays with his family...
WOW. This report shows massive fraud. Election changing result!
First Vaccine Administered. Congratulations USA! Congratulations WORLD!
Why did the Swing States stop counting in the middle of the night? Because they waited to find out how many ballots they had to produce in order to steal the Rigged Election. They were so far behind that they needed time, a fake water main break, to recover!
A great honor!
What a fool Governor of Georgia is. Could have been so easy, but now we have to do it the hard way. Demand this clown call a Special Session and open up signature verification, NOW. Otherwise, could be a bad day for two GREAT Senators on January 5th.
Democrats weakened the Signature Verification and other safeguards in Georgia. played Secretary of State, for fools. Consent Decree, which is terrible for Republicans and honest people!, must be opened up NOW - David, Kelly, and I will then win!
Oh no! What is going on? This is not good news, even for Indians. Cancel culture at work!
People working in the White House should receive the vaccine somewhat later in the program, unless specifically necessary. I have asked that this adjustment be made. I am not scheduled to take the vaccine, but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time. Thank you!
Vaccines are shipped and on their way, FIVE YEARS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. Get well USA. Get well WORLD. We love you all!
....place in Detroit, Philadelphia, Milwaukee, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, and elsewhere. In all Swing State cases, there are far more votes than are necessary to win the State, and the Election itself. Therefore, VOTES CANNOT BE CERTIFIED. THIS ELECTION IS UNDER PROTEST!
.....and many others voted illegally. Also, machine glitches another word for FRAUD, ballot harvesting, non-resident voters, fake ballots, stuffing the ballot box, votes for pay, roughed up Republican Poll Watchers, and sometimes even more votes than people voting, took....
Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD, which is all of them, CANNOT LEGALLY CERTIFY these votes as complete correct without committing a severely punishable crime. Everybody knows that dead people, below age people, illegal immigrants, fake signatures, prisoners,....
...They just chickened out and didnt want to rule on the merits of the case. So bad for our Country!
The fact that the Supreme Court wouldnt find standing in an original jurisdiction matter between multiple states, and including the President of the States, is absurd. It is enumerated in the Constitution...
...Tens of millions of haphazardly ballots sent, with some people getting two, three, or four ballots. We will never give up!
The RINOS that run the state voting apparatus have caused us this problem of allowing the Democrats to so blatantly cheat in their attempt to steal the election, which we won overwhelmingly. How dare they allow this massive and ridiculous Mail-In Voting to occur...
THE BIGGEST WINNER OF OUR NEW DEFENSE BILL IS CHINA!. I WILL VETO!
MOST CORRUPT ELECTION IN U.S. HISTORY!
How do states and politicians confirm an election where corruption and irregularities are documented throughout? A Swing State hustle!
The drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to withdraw my Favored Nations Executive Order. They dont want the U.S. to have the lowest drug prices in the world, but we now will. Big reductions coming. No other politician would do this!!!
If failing Governor would allow signature verification, David Kelly would WIN!
The Supreme Court had ZERO interest in the merits of the greatest voter fraud ever perpetrated on the United States of America. All they were interested in is standing, which makes it very difficult for the President to present a case on the merits. 75,000,000 votes!
Wow! Thousands of people forming in Washington D.C. for Stop the Steal. Didnt know about this, but Ill be seeing them!
Why didnt Bill Barr reveal the truth to the public, before the Election, about Hunter Biden. Joe was lying on the debate stage that nothing was wrong, or going on - Press confirmed. Big disadvantage for Republicans at the polls!
WE HAVE JUST BEGUN TO FIGHT!!!
IF Biden gets in, nothing will happen to Hunter or Joe. Barr will do nothing, and the new group of partisan killers coming in will quickly kill it all. Same thing with Durham. We caught them cold, spying, treason more the hard part, but Justice took too long. Will be DOA!
A big disappointment!
I have been doing this. I agree!
Who is a worse governor, of Georgia or of Arizona??? These are two RINO Republicans who fought against me and the Republican Party harder than any Democrat. They allowed states that I won easily to be stolen. Never forget, vote them out of office!
I WON THE ELECTION IN A LANDSLIDE, but remember, I only think in terms of legal votes, not all of the fake voters and fraud that miraculously floated in from everywhere! What a disgrace!
Justices Alito and Thomas say they would have allowed Texas to proceed with its election lawsuit. This is a great and disgraceful miscarriage of justice. The people of the United States were cheated, and our Country disgraced. Never even given our day in Court!
Georgia GOP Chair Says We Are Trusting No One, Promises Eyes on Every Part of Voting Process via You cant rely on Unlike other governors for the many states I won, he lost total control. Signature verification???
Weve not gotten any court to judge this the vote on its merit. of Texas. It is a legal disgrace, an embarrassment to the USA!!!
FDA APPROVES PFIZER VACCINE FOR EMERGENCY USE!!!
....that, after careful study and consideration, think you got screwed, something which will hurt them also. Many others likewise join the suit but, within a flash, it is thrown out and gone, without even looking at the many reasons it was brought. A Rigged Election, fight on!
So, youre the President of the United States, and you just went through an election where you got more votes than any sitting President in history, by far - and purportedly lost. You cant get standing before the Supreme Court, so you intervene with wonderful states.....
The Supreme Court really let us down. No Wisdom, No Courage!
Dont the voters have to know what the Federal prosecutors know. The establishment failed us. The media, congressional leaders, the Democrat Party? No wonder 74 a pres. record million Americans voted for Donald Trump, they still dont believe the outcome of this election...
....The American people deserve answers, better late than never.
Georgia, where is signature verification approval? What do you have to lose? Must move quickly!
If the Supreme Court shows great Wisdom and Courage, the American People will win perhaps the most important case in history, and our Electoral Process will be respected again!
If the two Senators from Georgia should lose, which would be a horrible thing for our Country, I am the only thing that stands between Packing the Court last number heard, 25, and preserving it. I will not, under any circumstances, Pack the Court!
Donald Trump must get the credit for the vaccines. It is a miracle.
Now it turns out that the Democrats want the Pack the Court with 26 Justices. This would be terrible, and must be stopped. Even Justice RBG was strongly opposed!
Now that the Biden Administration will be a scandal plagued mess for years to come, it is much easier for the Supreme Court of the United States to follow the Constitution and do what everybody knows has to be done. They must show great Courage Wisdom. Save the USA!!!
Now it turns out that my phone call to the President of Ukraine, which many, including me, have called perfect, was even better than that. I predicted Biden corruption, said to call the A.G., who perhaps knew of the corruption during the impeachment hoax?
I just want to stop the world from killing itself!
The Swine Flu H1N1, and the attempt for a vaccine by the Obama Administration, with Joe Biden in charge, was a complete and total disaster. Now they want to come in and take over one of the greatest and fastest medical miracles in modern day history. I dont think so!
While my pushing the money drenched but heavily bureaucratic saved five years in the approval of NUMEROUS great new vaccines, it is still a big, old, slow turtle. Get the dam vaccines out NOW, Dr. Hahn Stop playing games and start saving lives!!!
No war with North Korea, tamed fighting in Idlib Province and many other places. NO WARS STARTED BY U.S., Troop removals all over, and so much more. Thank you Larry!
Why didnt the Fake News Media, the FBI and the DOJ report the Biden matter BEFORE the Election. Oh well, its OK, we won the Election anyway - 75,000,000 VOTES!!!
Tremendous support from all over the Country. All we ask is COURAGE WISDOM from those that will be making one of the most important decisions in our Countrys history. God bless you!
19 states are fighting for us, almost unheard of support!
No Presidential candidate ever came even close to losing an Election who won Iowa, Florida and Ohio. I won all three, by a lot!
So true, a must read!
Morocco recognized the United States in 1777. It is thus fitting we recognize their sovereignty over the Western Sahara.
Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Morocco have agreed to full diplomatic relations a massive breakthrough for peace in the Middle East!
Today, I signed a proclamation recognizing Moroccan sovereignty over the Western Sahara. Moroccos serious, credible, and realistic autonomy proposal is the ONLY basis for a just and lasting solution for enduring peace and prosperity!
Great. Most corrupt Election in history, by far. We won!!!
Voter Fraud!
....The fact that our Country is being stolen. A coup is taking place in front of our eyes, and the public cant take this anymore. A Trump fan at Georgia Rally on Bad!
People are upset, and they have a right to be. Georgia not only supported Trump in 2016, but now. This is the only State in the Deep South that went for Biden? Have they lost their minds? This is going to escalate dramatically. This is a very dangerous moment in our history....
Donald Trump won by a landslide, and they stole it from him!
How does Governor allow certification of votes without verifying signatures and despite the recently released tape of ballots being stuffed? His poll numbers have dropped like a rock. He is finished as governor!
How can you give an election to someone who lost the election by hundreds of thousands of legal votes in each of the swing states. How can a country be run by an illegitimate president?
The Supreme Court has a chance to save our Country from the greatest Election abuse in the history of the United States. 78 of the people feel know! the Election was RIGGED.
WISDOM COURAGE!!!
10 of voters would have changed their vote if they knew about Hunter Biden. Miranda Devine But I won anyway!
If youre looking for Election Rigging, look no further. Thats what this is. They kept information from the public in order to influence the outcome of the Election. They RIGGED it.
Wow! At least 17 States have joined Texas in the extraordinary case against the greatest Election Fraud in the history of the United States. Thank you!
At 1000 P.M. on Election Evening, we were at 97 win with the so-called bookies.
If somebody cheated in the Election, which the Democrats did, why wouldnt the Election be immediately overturned? How can a Country be run like this?
No candidate has ever won both Florida and Ohio and lost. I won them both, by a lot!
We will soon be learning about the word courage, and saving our Country. I received hundreds of thousands of legal votes more, in all of the Swing States, than did my opponent. ALL Data taken after the vote says that it was impossible for me to lose, unless FIXED!
This case had nothing to do with me. Fake News as usual!.
STOCK MARKETS AT NEW ALL TIME HIGHS!!!
RIGGED ELECTION!
There is massive evidence of widespread fraud in the four states plus mentioned in the Texas suit. Just look at all of the tapes and affidavits!
Germany has consistently been used by my obnoxious critics as the country that we should follow on the way to handle the China Virus. So much for that argument. I love Germany - Vaccines on the way!!!
We will be INTERVENING in the Texas plus many other states case. This is the big one. Our Country needs a victory!
This was not my case as has been so incorrectly reported. The case that everyone has been waiting for is the States case with Texas and numerous others joining. It is very strong, ALL CRITERIA MET. How can you have a presidency when a vast majority think the election was RIGGED?
NASDAQ and SP close at all-time highs. Congratulations!
They got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible. Late night ballot dumps went crazy!
Thank you and congratulations to General Flynn. He and his incredible family have suffered greatly!
The got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible. Late night ballot dumps went crazy!
. and puppet Your poll numbers are tanking like seldom seen before. Always said Georgians are smart!
Or worse!
Governor Kemp is down 18 points in a recent poll. Dont believe it, must be more!
FOR COURAGE BRILLIANCE!
Thank you to Speaker Cutler and all others in Pennsylvania and elsewhere who fully understand what went on in the 2020 Election. Its called total corruption!
...And its not normal when a sitting Senator is forced to retire because his Arizona poll numbers were so low that he would have come out dead last in the Republican Primary, and had zero chance of winning the general election. Great job Jeff!
I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act NDAA, which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 for National Security purposes, preserve our National Monuments, allow for 5G troop reductions in foreign lands!
I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act NDAA, which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 for National Security purposes, preserve our National Monuments, allow for 5G troupe reductions in foreign lands!
Georgia is watching and
THANK YOU GEORGIA!
Georgia Lt. Governor is a RINO Never Trumper who got himself elected as LG by falsely claiming to be pro-Trump. Too dumb or corrupt to recognize massive evidence of fraud in GA should be replaced! We need every great Georgian to call him out!
Georgia is not the only state that pushed through these last minute rules changes before the presidential election. They forgot about our Constitution!
Mail-In rejection rate was minuscule compared to what it used to be. Ken Starr Meaning that massive numbers of bad votes were pouring in!
State officials were ignorant of the limitations imposed by the Constitution. Ken Starr
These actions on the part of State Officials, making these changes, were violating the Constitution of the U.S. They were usurping power. Ken Starr
RINOS Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger, will be solely responsible for the potential loss of our two GREAT Senators from Georgia, Wont call a Special Session or check for Signature Verification! People are ANGRY!
The Republican Governor of Georgia refuses to do signature verification, which would give us an easy win. Whats wrong with this guy? What is he hiding?
Watch at 1100 P.M. now! and at 1200 A.M. on the Great Election Fraud of 2020!
True. Great debate for Kelly!
SO TRUE. NO WAY WE LOST THIS ELECTION!
A MUST WATCH! Hope the lawyers are all taking notes. All FACTS, do not flag this Twitter!
Gee, what a surprise. Has anyone informed the so-called says he has no power to do anything! Governor his puppet Lt. Governor that they could easily solve this mess, WIN. Signature verification call a Special Session. So easy!
Now spreading Fake News!
So much truth to this!
. by far the greatest mayor in the history of NYC, and who has been working tirelessly exposing the most corrupt election by far! in the history of the USA, has tested positive for the China Virus. Get better soon Rudy, we will carry on!!!
Interesting!
Will not happen. Suppression of thought!
...I WON THE ELECTION, BIG.
. daytime is not watchable. In a class with CNN MSDNC. Check out and others that are picking up the slack. Even a boring football game, kneeling and all, is better!
And getting a total pass from the media!
Thank you Matt!
Melissa is great!
Great job Dan. People are watching!
Thank you!
Fraudulent result!
Thank you Christina!
Live Updates Trump Holds Georgia Rally for Sens. Loeffler, Perdue via A great evening in beautiful Georgia!
The answer to the Democrat voter fraud is not to stay at home - thats what Pelosi and Schumer want you to do. If you want revenge on the Democrats for their efforts to steal the Presidential election, where we are fighting hard, you have to show up and vote in RECORD numbers!
Register to vote before Monday 127. Register now on then request your absentee ballot before 1231 - do it TODAY, and return your ballot the same day you get it. If you arent planning to vote by mail, vote early in person, or vote on Election Day!
...We received more LEGAL votes by far. All I can do is run, campaign, and be a good great! President it is 100 up to the states to manage the election. Republicans will NEVER forget this.
Between Governor of Arizona and Governor of Georgia, the Democrat Party could not be happier. They fight harder against us than do the Radical Left Dems. If they were with us, we would have already won both Arizona and Georgia...
Leaving for Georgia now. See you soon!
But you never got the signature verification! Your people are refusing to do what you ask. What are they hiding? At least immediately ask for a Special Session of the Legislature. That you can easily, and immediately, do.
25, wow! I am surprised there are so many. We have just begun to fight. Please send me a list of the 25 RINOS. I read the Fake News Washington Post as little as possible!
I will easily quickly win Georgia if Governor or the Secretary of State permit a simple signature verification. Has not been done and will show large scale discrepancies. Why are these two Republicans saying no? If we win Georgia, everything else falls in place!
See you tonight at 7PM, Georgia!
See you tomorrow night at 7PM, Valdosta, Georgia!
Thank you to Senate President Karen Fann and House Speaker Russell Bowers and all, for what you are doing in Arizona. A fast check of signatures will easily give us the state. Votes against have been reduced to a very small number!
Watch tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern story on Voter Fraud!
STOCK MARKET REACHES NEW ALL-TIME HIGH!
The only thing more RIGGED than the 2020 Presidential Election is the FAKE NEWS SUPPRESSED MEDIA. No matter how big or important the story, if it is even slightly positive for us, or negative for them, it will not be reported!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RIGGED ELECTION!
GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!
A provision is in the NDAA for the renaming, or even desecration, of National Monuments in National Parks. This is not what our Country wants!
Whistleblowers reveal that the USPS is responsible for tampering with hundreds of thousands of ballots. This long time Democrat stronghold got rid of massive numbers, especially in swing states, during and before delivery of the ballots. Well documented evidence!
Big Rally Saturday Night in Georgia!!!
A great person who did a fantastic job. Thank you Alyssa!
What good is having a very expensive National Defense Authorization Act if Big Tech can run circles around you and the security of our Country? End Section 230 now!
But doesnt get rid of Big Techs windfall, Section 230, a grave threat to National Security. I will VETO!
Very sadly for our Nation, it looks like Senator will not be putting the Section 230 termination clause into the Defense Bill. So bad for our National Security and Election Integrity. Last chance to ever get it done. I will VETO!
The best way to insure a and VICTORY is to allow signature checks in the Presidential race, which will insure a Georgia Presidential win very few votes are needed, many will be found. Spirits will soar and everyone will rush out and VOTE!
People in Georgia got caught cold bringing in massive numbers of ballots and putting them in voting machines. Great job
Governor of Arizona hired a lawyer today. Wouldnt allowing a strong check of ballots, which would be easier and so much better for our Country, be easier on him and the great State of Arizona?
Nevada Court Hears Of USPS Witness Obstruction, Flawed Machine Inspections, And Deceased Voters
Nevada fraud 1,500 dead voters, 42,248 voted multiple times, RV camps as homes
Dominion contractor at Detroit counting center says thousands of ballots were scanned multiple times
Pro-Biden effort offered Native Americans $25-$500 Visa gift cards and jewelry to vote
Congratulations
Wow! Blockbuster testimony taking place right now in Georgia. Ballot stuffing by Dems when Republicans were forced to leave the large counting room. Plenty more coming, but this alone leads to an easy win of the State!
Thank you to Representative Mo Brooks!
Georgia hearings now on Amazing!
The Republican Governor of Georgia, and the Secretary of State, MUST immediately allow a signature verification match on the Presidential Election. If that happens, we quickly and easily win the State and importantly, pave the way for a big David and Kelly WIN!
Thank you to Represenative Mo Brooks!
Looks like certain Republican Senators are getting cold feet with respect to the termination of Big Techs Section 230, a National Security and Election Integrity MUST. For years, all talk, no action. Termination must be put in Defense Bill!!!
In Arizona, it turns out that 3 of the votes cast in the 100 count vote sampling were tainted or worse. This would be, if carried forward, approximately 90,000 votes more than we would need to win the State. Now we were granted a much larger sample to work with. Wow!
HAPPENING NOW!
Statement by Donald J. Trump, The President of the United StatesFull Video
Will be going to Georgia for a big Trump Rally in support of our two great Republican Senators, David and Kelly. They are fantastic people who love their Country and love their State. We must work hard and be sure they win.
Thank you to for the really nice words on all we are doing, and have done. We will win!
Big voter fraud hearings today in the Great State of Michigan. This election is a far bigger scandal FRAUD! than anyone would have thought - not even close. Watch today!
The Fake News refuses to report this!
Pardon investigation is Fake News!
Rigged Election. Show signatures and envelopes. Expose the massive voter fraud in Georgia. What is Secretary of State and afraid of. They know what well find!!!
Suppression Media!
.....Therefore, if the very dangerous unfair Section 230 is not completely terminated as part of the National Defense Authorization Act NDAA, I will be forced to unequivocally VETO the Bill when sent to the very beautiful Resolute desk. Take back America NOW. Thank you!
Section 230, which is a liability shielding gift from the U.S. to Big Tech the only companies in America that have it - corporate welfare!, is a serious threat to our National Security Election Integrity. Our Country can never be safe secure if we allow it to stand.....
. Good luck on your new show tonight on at 700 P.M. Eastern. I know it will be a big hit!
Jesse Morgana truck driver subcontractor with USPS in PENNSYLVANIA...
LIVE NOW! Press Conference by Amistad Project Election Whistleblowers Come Forward
Michigan voter fraud hearing going on now!
Hope everybody is watching right now. Other media afraid to show. People are coming forward like never before. Large truck carrying hundreds of thousands of fraudulent FAKE ballots to a voting center? TERRIBLE - SAVE AMERICA!
The president was RIGHT when he said get the kids back in schoolNow Dr. Fauci says, You know what, Im looking at the datathe kids should be in school.
Do something You allowed your state to be scammed. We must check signatures and count signed envelopes against ballots. Then call off election. It wont be needed. We will all WIN!
We won Michigan by a lot!
Impossible result!
Fake election results in Nevada, also!
Disgraceful!
A judge in Nevada has ordered Clark County officials to allow an inspection of the elections equipment and sealed containers used in the 2020 election by 100 P.M. tomorrow.
Only in America!
Not statistically possible. Rigged Election!
Thank you! A lot of Senators and House Members are very happy that I came along. Think Ill stick around for awhile!
Donald Trump Calls In to Arizona Voter Fraud Hearing Were Fighting Back via A very inspiring hearing. Such great support from both witnesses to election fraud and political leaders!
Arizona hearings on live right now on Such total corruption. So sad for our country!
...And there are many such articles. Rigged Election!
TRUE!
Why is he rushing to put a Democrat in office, especially when so many horrible things concerning voter fraud are being revealed at the hearing going on right now. What is going on with Republicans will long remember!
. WOW, total election corruption in Arizona. Hearing on now! Why isnt covering the Arizona hearings?
Trump legal team in Arizona and on now. Big stuff. Enjoy!
Moderna now applying for Emergency Vaccine Approval.. MUST ACT QUICKLY!!! Operation Warp Speed has been a great modern day miracle.
....Also, quickly check the number of envelopes versus the number of ballots. You may just find that there are many more ballots than there are envelopes. So simple, and so easy to do. Georgia Republicans are angry, all Republicans are angry. Get it done!
Why wont Governor the hapless Governor of Georgia, use his emergency powers, which can be easily done, to overrule his obstinate Secretary of State, and do a match of signatures on envelopes. It will be a goldmine of fraud, and we will easily WIN the state....
Im not fighting for me, Im fighting for the 74,000,000 million people not including the many Trump ballots that were tossed, a record for a sitting President, who voted for me!
NO WAY WE LOST THIS ELECTION!
Pennsylvania can lead the way, just like it did many years ago. Very important things happening!
Democrats suffered crushing down-ballot loss across America. This is true. All statehouses won, and in Washington we did great. So I led this great charge, and Im the only one that lost? No, it doesnt work that way. This was a massive fraud, a RIGGED ELECTION!
GREAT NEWS! Is Fake News watching this?
Get well soon!
. never asked us for a comment about their ridiculous, one sided story on election security, which is an international joke. Our 2020 Election, from poorly rated Dominion to a Country FLOODED with unaccounted for Mail-In ballots, was probably our least secure EVER!
We have some big things happening in our various litigations on the Election Hoax. Everybody knows it was Rigged. They know Biden didnt get more votes from the Black community than Obama, certainly didnt get 80,000,000 votes. Look what happened in Detroit, Philadelphia, plus!
Will be doing an interview with at 1000 A.M. on Enjoy!
The number of ballots that our Campaign is challenging in the Pennsylvania case is FAR LARGER than the 81,000 vote margin. Its not even close. Fraud and illegality ARE a big part of the case. Documents being completed. We will appeal!
Specific allegations were made, and we have massive proof, in the Pennsylvania case. Some people just dont want to see it. They want nothing to do with saving our Country. Sad!!!
The Wisconsin recount is not about finding mistakes in the count, it is about finding people who have voted illegally, and that case will be brought after the recount is over, on Monday or Tuesday. We have found many illegal votes. Stay tuned!
. daytime is virtually unwatchable, especially during the weekends. Watch or almost anything else. You wont have to suffer through endless interviews with Democrats, and even worse!
Alan Dershowitz Trump was Absolutely Right to Pardon Michael Flynn via
So much credit to all of the brave men and women in state houses who are defending our great Constitution. Thank you!
The 1,126,940 votes were created out of thin air. I won Pennsylvania by a lot, perhaps more than anyone will ever know. The Pennsylvania votes were RIGGED. All other swing states also. The world is watching!
Rudy Giuliani will be on Greg Kelly Reports. 715 P.M.
The restaurant business is being absolutely decimated. Congress should step up and help. Time is of the essence!
Biden did poorly in big cities Politico, except those of Detroit more votes than people!, Philadelphia, Atlanta and Milwaukee, which he had to win. Not surprisingly, they are all located in the most important swing states, and are long known for being politically corrupt!
Biden can only enter the White House as President if he can prove that his ridiculous 80,000,000 votes were not fraudulently or illegally obtained. When you see what happened in Detroit, Atlanta, Philadelphia Milwaukee, massive voter fraud, hes got a big unsolvable problem!
Big Tech and the Fake News Media have partnered to Suppress. Freedom of the Press is gone, a thing of the past. Thats why they refuse to report the real facts and figures of the 2020 Election or even, wheres Hunter!
So much truth!
All newly rebuilt military!
Yesterdays news conference being broadcast in full now on Enjoy!
No, the 2020 Election was a total scam, we won by a lot and will hopefully turn over the fraudulent result, but we must get out and help David and Kelly, two GREAT people. Otherwise we are playing right into the hands of some very sick people. I will be in Georgia on Saturday!
Wow! Twitter bans highly respected Pennsylvania State Senator Doug Mastriano after he did a great job of leading a hearing on the 2020 Election fraud. They and the Fake News, working together, want to SILENCE THE TRUTH. Cant let that happen. This is what Communist countries do!
BIG NEWS Pennsylvania Poll Watcher USB Drives uploaded to machines, gave Biden thousands of votes. Says 47 USB Drives are now missing. EVERY UPLOAD GAVE BIDEN 50,000 VOTES.
President Trump nominates record number of Federal Judges.
REPORT Bidens Thanksgiving Day Address gets just 1000 views online, a record low. Observers say a candidate with 80,000,000 votes would get many more online viewers. Numbers dont lie, or add up!
For purposes of National Security, Section 230 must be immediately terminated!!!
Twitter is sending out totally false Trends that have absolutely nothing to do with what is really trending in the world. They make it up, and only negative stuff. Same thing will happen to Twitter as is happening to daytime. Also, big Conservative discrimination!
I gave a long news conference today after wishing the military a Happy Thanksgiving, realized once again that the Fake News Media coordinates so that the real message of such a conference never gets out. Primary point made was that the 2020 Election was RIGGED, and that I WON!
A must read. Impossible for Biden to have overcome these, and even greater, odds!
A brilliant woman of courage!
So much TRUTH!
Will go down much further. Weekend daytime even worse, dead. They still dont get it. Fantastic alternatives! The lategreat Roger Ailes is seriously missed, but I still won LEGAL VOTES by a lot!!!
A total FRAUD. Statehouse Republicans, proud, strong and honest, will never let this travesty stand!
No thanks!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Just saw the vote tabulations. There is NO WAY Biden got 80,000,000 votes!!! This was a 100 RIGGED ELECTION.
Have a great life General Flynn!
Great people. Tonight!
Great job Mark!
This Election was RIGGED, but we will WIN!
Corrupt Election!
Big news!
Data group exposes wide spread Mail-In Ballot Fraud.
It is my Great Honor to announce that General Michael T. Flynn has been granted a Full Pardon. Congratulations to and his wonderful family, I know you will now have a truly fantastic Thanksgiving!
I will be speaking before a very important Pennsylvania State Senate hearing which is in process now. Talking about the massive voter fraud which took place in the 2020 Election!
Rudy Giuliani is right now on
RIGGED ELECTION!
The losers suckers statement on dead military heroes has been proven to be a total fabrication and lie. IT WAS NEVER MADE! The anonymous fabricator, who is a major sleaze, went forward with the lie despite 25 strong witnesses to the contrary. Welcome to the roaring 20s!
But 2020 is a long way from over!
Marc Morano, Perhaps President Trumps greatest accomplishment is United States Energy Dominance.
Should President Trump concede to Biden? Poll Results No 190,593 98.9 Yes 2,181 1.1 Total Votes 192,774. For the good of our Country we must prevail!
Great job Thanks!
...This could also be very helpful to and Why is he afraid of Stacey Abrams? We dont need the ballots we only need the signed envelopes!
Why isnt the Brad Raffensperger, a so-called Republican, allowing us to look at signatures on envelopes for verification? We will find tens of thousands of fraudulent and illegal votes...
AMERICA FIRST!!!
On behalf of the entire Trump Family, I want to wish every American a Healthy and Happy Thanksgiving! Today we gathered in the Rose Garden to continue a beloved annual tradition the Official Presidential Pardon of a very fortunate Thanksgiving Turkey....
Remember, the GSA has been terrific, and Emily Murphy has done a great job, but the GSA does not determine who the next President of the United States will be.
That says it all about Mattis. Obama fired him. I should have fired him sooner. Did best work after he was gone. Worlds most overrated general!
In Wisconsin, somebody has to be indefinitely confined in order to vote absentee. In the past there were 20,000 people. This past election there were 120,000...and Republicans were locked out of the vote counting process.
Are you listening Republicans?
Thank you Randy, working hard to clean up the stench of the 2020 Election Hoax!
No!
Poll 79 Percent of Trump Voters Believe Election Was Stolen via They are 100 correct, but we are fighting hard. Our big lawsuit, which spells out in great detail all of the ballot fraud and more, will soon be filled. RIGGED ELECTION!
What does GSA being allowed to preliminarily work with the Dems have to do with continuing to pursue our various cases on what will go down as the most corrupt election in American political history? We are moving full speed ahead. Will never concede to fake ballots Dominion.
I want to thank Emily Murphy at GSA for her steadfast dedication and loyalty to our Country. She has been harassed, threatened, and abused and I do not want to see this happen to her, her family, or employees of GSA. Our case STRONGLY continues, we will keep up the good...
...fight, and I believe we will prevail! Nevertheless, in the best interest of our Country, I am recommending that Emily and her team do what needs to be done with regard to initial protocols, and have told my team to do the same.
Data Trumps Anti-Globalism, Pro-Police Message Wins Over Hispanics via Great, but we also won the election!
In certain swing states, there were more votes than people who voted, and in big numbers. Does that not really matter? Stopping Poll Watchers, voting for unsuspecting people, fake ballots and so much more. Such egregious conduct. We will win!
. note to
Report Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, Anti-Trump Hero, Paid for Flawed Coronavirus Tests from South Korea via This RINO will never make the grade. Hogan is just as bad as the flawed tests he paid big money for!
Other than politics, how do you lose a case where large numbers of voters, far more than you need to flip Pennsylvania, are disenfranchised? Vote Observers thrown out of counting rooms. People going to vote finding out they have already voted through a fake ballot - go home!
Just arrived at Virtual G20. Was here yesterday also early, but some of the Fake News Media failed to report it accurately - as usual. My speech is available they said I didnt make a speech.
SO TRUE!
Thank you!
Its all about the signatures on the envelopes. Why are the Democrats fighting so hard to hide them. We will find massive numbers of fraudulent ballots. The signatures wont match. Fight hard Republicans. Dont let them destroy the evidence!
...And neither am I!
....WILL APPEAL!
Thanks Mark. Its all a continuation of the never ending Witch Hunt. Judge Brann, who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence, is a product of Senator Pat No Tariffs Toomey of Pennsylvania, no friend of mine, Obama - No wonder. 900,000 Fraudulent Votes!
Dominion-izing the VotePart Three via
Dominion-izing the VotePart Two via
Dominion-izing the VotePart One via
True!
They never thought a Vaccine could be done so soon but dont worry, they will try to give the credit to Biden!
....WILL APPEAL!!!
Thanks Mark. Its all a continuation of the never ending Witch Hunt. Judge Brann, who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence, is an appointment of Senator Pat No Tariffs Toomey of Pennsylvania, no friend of mine, Obama - No wonder. 900,000 Fraudulent Votes!
Sorry Liz, cant accept the results of an election with hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes cast, enough to easily flip the Election. Youre just unhappy that Im bringing the troops back home where they belong!
Well, there were hundreds of thousands of votes cast where Republican Poll Watchers were not allowed to watch, not even allowed in the counting rooms. Likewise with Fake ballots cast and dead people voting!
This is not at all frivolous. It is brought on behalf of one of the most respected members of the United States Congress who is disgusted, like so many others, by an Election that is a fraudulent mess. Fake ballots, dead people voting, no Republican Poll Watchers allowed, more!
....the COURAGE to do what has to be done to maintain the integrity of our Elections, and the United States of America itself. THE WORLD IS WATCHING!!!
Why is Joe Biden so quickly forming a Cabinet when my investigators have found hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes, enough to flip at least four States, which in turn is more than enough to win the Election? Hopefully the Courts andor Legislatures will have....
The Media is just as corrupt as the Election itself!
Fake News always forgets to mention that far fewer people are dying when they get Covid. This is do to both our advanced therapeutics, and the gained knowledge of our great doctors, nurses and front line workers!
The Fake News is not talking about the fact that Covid is running wild all over the World, not just in the U.S. I was at the Virtual G-20 meeting early this morning and the biggest subject was Covid. We will be healing fast, especially with our vaccines!
Joe Biden was a total disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu, would never have produced a Vaccine in record time years ahead of schedule, and would do a terrible job of Vaccine delivery - But doesnt everybody already know that!
President Trump has done many great things biggest tax regulation cuts in history, Space Force, rebuilding our military, fixing the V.A., the Wall, but perhaps the most important of all will be what he is doing now, exposing the massive corruption in our Electoral Process.
Watch Hundreds of Activists Gather for Stop the Steal Rally in Georgia via BreitbartNews Big Rallies all over the Country. The proof pouring in is undeniable. Many more votes than needed. This was a LANDSLIDE!
Check out new show tonight at 700pm on Good luck Darrell!
Big voter fraud information coming out concerning Georgia. Stay tuned!
I agree!
My son Donald is doing very well. Thank you!
Massive voter fraud will be shown!
This is true, but much different than reported by the media. We will show massive and unprecedented fraud!
Trump Announces Groundbreaking Rules to Lower Prescription Drug Prices via
...Why wont they do it, and why are they so fast to certify a meaningless tally?
The Governor of Georgia, and Secretary of State, refuse to let us look at signatures which would expose hundreds of thousands of illegal ballots, and give the Republican Party and me, David Perdue, and perhaps Kelly Loeffler, a BIG VICTORY...
News Conference on Reduced Drug Prices at 230 P.M.
Giuliani The Case for Election Fraud Being Made By Americans via
We have great support on the Election Hoax!
Thank you Elizabeth, LOVE!
The great daytime ratings CRASH will only get worse!
RINO Mitt Romney should read this. Im sure, however, that he feels he got slaughtering by Obama fair and square.
There will be no lockdowns other than those done by certain Democrat governors!
Will use these charts in court case. The Election was a HOAX. Thank you Justin!
A Rigged Election!
Great book!
Look at this in Michigan! A day AFTER the election, Biden receives a dump of 134,886 votes at 631AM!
So true. Thanks Jody!
We withdrew because we won!
Nolte Top Pollster Finds 47 Say Likely Democrats Stole Election via Rigged Election!
Lawyers now on maybe An open and shut case of voter fraud. Massive numbers!
THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PEOPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING, BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA! Mortality rate is 85 down!
Evidence of voter fraud continues to grow, including 20,000 dead people on the Pennsylvania voters roll and many thousands all over the Country. Now, there has been an artificial number of votes in favor of Joe Biden.
Almost ZERO ballots rejected in Georgia this election. In years past, close to 4. Not possible. Must have signature check on envelopes now. Very easy to do. Dems fighting because they got caught. Far more votes than needed for flip. Republicans must get tough!
Thousands of uncounted votes discovered in Georgia counties. When the much more important signature match takes place, the State will flip Republican, and very quickly. Get it done!
Important News Conference today by lawyers on a very clear and viable path to victory. Pieces are very nicely falling into place. RNC at 1200 P.M.
Voter Fraud in Detroit is rampant, and has been for many years!
THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PROPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING, BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA! Mortality rate is 85 down!
VACCINES ARE COMING FAST!!!
Great job on today Giancarlo!
...And with these numbers, by far the highest for a sitting President, there was no way the Dems could have won, except through what we are learning now - A Rigged Election!
It was my great honor to help, a tremendous achievement!
Looking good!
Dominion-izing the Vote
Statistical sampling to prove widespread voter fraud...multiple accounts of fraud and voting irregularities may overturn election...call for paper ballots.
Look at this in Wisconsin! A day AFTER the election, Biden receives a dump of 143,379 votes at 342AM, when they learned he was losing badly. This is unbelievable!
Thank you so nice!
FLOYD COUNTY, GEORGIA!
GEORGIA!
The Great State of Michigan, with votes being far greater than the number of people who voted, cannot certify the election. The Democrats cheated big time, and got caught. A Republican WIN!
In Detroit, there are FAR MORE VOTES THAN PEOPLE. Nothing can be done to cure that giant scam. I win Michigan!
The numbers have not improved, it is still 71 out of balance, stated Wayne County, Michigan, Canvassers. There is widespread irregularities in poll numbers. There are more votes than people. The two harassed patriot Canvassers refuse to sign the papers!
THEY WOULDNT LET REPUBLICAN POLL WATCHERS INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. UNCONSTITUTIONAL!!!
The Georgia recount is a joke and is being done UNDER PROTEST. Even though thousands of fraudulent votes have been found, the real number is in matching signatures. Governor must open up the unconstitutional Consent Decree and call in the Legislature!
They didnt even allow Republican Observers into the building to watch. A terrible insult to our Constitution!
This was a rigged election. No Republican Poll Watchers allowed, voting machine glitches all over the place meaning they got caught cheating!, voting after election ended, and so much more!
Wrong! At first they voted against because there were far more VOTES than PEOPLE Sad!. Then they were threatened, screamed at and viciously harassed, and were FORCED to change their vote, but then REFUSED, as American patriots, to sign the documents. 71 MESS. Dont Harass!
...AND I WON THE ELECTION. VOTER FRAUD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY!
Trump votes.
Wow! Governor Kemp will hopefully see the light before it is too late. Must finally take charge! Two GREAT Senators, who do so much for Georgia and truly love the USA, are in a must win battle with two incompetents who dont have a clue!
Well, its really quite simple. You just cant have more votes than people!
More votes than people, and that is the least of it!!!
Flip Michigan back to TRUMP. Detroit, not surprisingly, has tremendous problems!
Wow! Michigan just refused to certify the election results! Having courage is a beautiful thing. The USA stands proud!
Just found thousands of more ballots, and the recount is relatively meaningless without being given access to the signatures. Consent decree is a scam that Georgia Secretary of State or Governor should never have let happen. Unconstitutional. Open it up!
Second Georgia County Finds Thousands More Votes, Majority Are For Trump
The only thing secure about our 2020 Election was that it was virtually impenetrable by foreign powers. On that, the Trump Administration takes great credit. Unfortunately, the Radical Left Democrats, Dominion, and others, were perhaps more successful!
THANK YOU!
...votes from Trump to Biden, late voting, and many more. Therefore, effective immediately, Chris Krebs has been terminated as Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
The recent statement by Chris Krebs on the security of the 2020 Election was highly inaccurate, in that there were massive improprieties and fraud - including dead people voting, Poll Watchers not allowed into polling locations, glitches in the voting machines which changed...
DEAD PEOPLE VOTED
THIS SAYS IT ALL!
I have reversed the ridiculous decision to cancel Wreaths Across America at Arlington National Cemetery. It will now go on!
Big victory moments ago in the State of Nevada. The all Democrat County Commissioner race, on same ballot as President, just thrown out because of large scale voter discrepancy. Clark County officials do not have confidence in their own election security. Major impact!
The rate of rejected Mail-In Ballots is 30 Xs lower in Pennsylvania this year than it was in 2016. This is why they kept our poll watchers and observers out of the SACRED vote counting rooms!
Georgia wont let us look at the all important signature match. Without that the recount is MEANINGLESS. Open up unconstitutional Consent Decree, NOW!
European Countries are sadly getting clobbered by the China Virus. The Fake News does not like reporting this!
STOCK MARKET GETTING VERY CLOSE TO 30,000 ON NEW VACCINE NEWS. 95 EFFECTIVE!
They will PACK THE COURTS. We wont let that happen!
The Radical Left Democrats, working with their partner, the Fake News Media, are trying to STEAL this Election. We wont let them!
Trump Campaign Rejects Media Reports of Changed Pennsylvania Case via Just more Fake News. Harassment and exclusion of our Poll Watchers is a big part of our case. Unconstitutional!
Who will be running for Governor of the Great State of Ohio? Will be hotly contested!
Another Vaccine just announced. This time by Moderna, 95 effective. For those great historians, please remember that these great discoveries, which will end the China Plague, all took place on my watch!
Try watching Really GREAT!
The Fake recount going on in Georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified. Break the unconstitutional Consent Decree!
I won the Election!
I strongly stand with Kelly David. They are both great and MUST WIN!
Dominion is running our Election. Rigged!
Thank you Andrew!
Most fraudulent Election in history!
This is crazy!
No way!
The Washington Post forgot to read the complaint. Fake News. Poll Watchers, and the way they were treated, are a very big deal in the complaint!
I WON THE ELECTION!
....owned Dominion Voting Systems, turned down by Texas and many others because it was not good or secure, those responsible for the safeguarding of our Constitution cannot allow the Fake results of the 2020 Mail-In Election to stand. The World is watching!
....perhaps like never before! From large numbers of Poll Watchers that were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many of our States, to millions of ballots that have been altered by Democrats, only for Democrats, to voting after the Election was over, to using Radical Left
Why does the Fake News Media continuously assume that Joe Biden will ascend to the Presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, how badly shattered and violated our great Constitution has been in the 2020 Election. It was attacked,..
A great launch! was a closed up disaster when we took over. Now it is again the hottest, most advanced, space center in the world, by far!
Many of the court cases being filed all over the Country are not ours, but rather those of people that have seen horrible abuses. Our big cases showing the unconstitutionality of the 2020 Election, the outrage of things that were done to change the outcome, will soon be filed!
Spirit like never before!
Amazing!
We wont let a RIGGED ELECTION steal our Country!
WATCH D.C. Cops Direct Trump-Supporters into Gauntlet of Protesters, Do Nothing When They Are Assaulted via These thugs and lowlifes only stalked and attacked when most of the tens of thousands of people had left town. Ran away earlier!
Great job Emily!
John Bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that Ive had the pleasure to work with. A sullen, dull and quiet guy, he added nothing to National Security except, Gee, lets go to war. Also, illegally released much Classified Information. A real dope!
Rudy will be interviewed by at 1000 A.M. NOW!
Progress!
He only won in the eyes of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA. I concede NOTHING! We have a long way to go. This was a RIGGED ELECTION!
RIGGED ELECTION. WE WILL WIN!
Watch interview on this morning at 1000. Doing a great job exposing the Rigged Election Hoax!
All of the mechanical glitches that took place on Election Night were really THEM getting caught trying to steal votes. They succeeded plenty, however, without getting caught. Mail-in elections are a sick joke!
He won because the Election was Rigged. NO VOTE WATCHERS OR OBSERVERS allowed, vote tabulated by a Radical Left privately owned company, Dominion, with a bad reputation bum equipment that couldnt even qualify for Texas which I won by a lot!, the Fake Silent Media, more!
Doing a great job in Georgia. Their recount is a scam, means nothing. Must see fraudulent signatures which is prohibited by stupidly signed unconstitutional consent decree.
This is why daytime and weekend daytime have lost their ratings. They are abysmal having Mayor Pete of Indianas most unsuccessful city, by far! on more than Republicans. Many great alternatives are forming exist. Try among others!
Tax filings reveal Biden cancer charity spent millions on salaries, zero on research via
Thank you Mark, but the Fake News Media will never say it!
The Fake News Media hardly even discussed the tens of thousands of people that came to D.C. Formed organically, and in many parts of the Country!
Thank you Mollie. The Free and Fair Press is gone in our country. They only write about what they want to write about. SUPPRESSION!
The Silent Media is the Enemy of the People!!!
Human Radical Left garbage did this. Being arrested now!
Radical Left ANTIFA SCUM was easily rebuffed today by the big D.C. MAGA Rally crowd, only to return at night, after 99 of the crowd had left, to assault elderly people and families. Police got there, but late. Mayor is not doing her job!
ANTIFA SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggressively fought back. Antifa waited until tonight, when 99 were gone, to attack innocent People. DC Police, get going do your job and dont hold back!!!
Antifa SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggressively fought back. Antifa waited until tonight, when 99 were gone, to attack innocent People. DC Police, get going do you job and dont hold back!!!
I look forward to Mayor Giuliani spearheading the legal effort to defend OUR RIGHT to FREE and FAIR ELECTIONS! Rudy Giuliani, Joseph diGenova, Victoria Toensing, Sidney Powell, and Jenna Ellis, a truly great team, added to our other wonderful lawyers and representatives!
There is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our Republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia and others. Unconstitutional!
. and the Fake News Networks arent showing these massive gatherings. Instead they have their reporters standing in almost empty streets. We now have SUPPRESSION BY THE PRESS. MAGA!
Thank you Dan!
They wouldnt let our Poll Watchers and Observers into the Counting Rooms. We win on that alone!
The hand recount taking place in Georgia is a waste of time. They are not showing the matching signatures. Call off the recount until they allow the MATCH. Dont let the Radical Left Dems STEAL THE ELECTION!
Hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in D.C. They will not stand for a Rigged and Corrupt Election!
We will WIN!
People are not going to stand for having this Election stolen from them by a privately owned Radical Left company, Dominion, and many other reasons!
....We cannot waste time and can only give to those states that will use the Vaccine immediately. Therefore the New York delay. Many lives to be saved, but we are ready when they are. Stop playing politics!
I LOVE NEW YORK! As everyone knows, the Trump Administration has produced a great and safe VACCINE far ahead of schedule. Another Administration would have taken five years. The problem is, said that he will delay using it, and other states WANT IT NOW...
Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill. Needs Democrats support. Make it big and focused. Get it done!
....What are they trying to hide. They know, and so does everyone else. EXPOSE THE CRIME!
The Consent Decree signed by the Georgia Secretary of State, with the approval of Governor at the urging of makes it impossible to check match signatures on ballots and envelopes, etc. They knew they were going to cheat. Must expose real signatures!
Republican Burgess Owens Defeats Democrat Rep. Ben McAdams in Utah via Great going Burgess, you continue to be a STAR!
HIGHLY RATED!
Top US Pollster and Statistician Richard Baris Peoples Pundit SUSPENDED from Twitter for Reporting on Disputed Election Political WrongThink Not Allowed via Said 10,000 DEAD PEOPLE VOTED IN MICHIGAN. When will this RIGGED ELECTION be overturned!
Wow. This is exactly what happened to us. Great courage by judge!
The worst thing you can do is bet against Donald Trump, considering what has been done against him. They flooded the zone with mail-in ballots. We need every vote counted, and ferociously.
Georgia Secretary of State, a so-called Republican RINO, wont let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud. Why? Without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless. Everyone knows that we won the state. Where is
700,000 ballots were not allowed to be viewed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh which means, based on our great Constitution, we win the State of Pennsylvania!
VICTOR JOECKS Clark County election officials accepted my signature on 8 ballot envelopes
Will be having a press conference from the Rose Garden in 15 minutes.
Now it is learned that the horrendous Dominion Voting System was used in Arizona and big in Nevada. No wonder the result was a very close loss!
Heartwarming to see all of the tremendous support out there, especially the organic Rallies that are springing up all over the Country, including a big one on Saturday in D.C. I may even try to stop by and say hello. This Election was Rigged, from Dominion all the way up down!
For years the Dems have been preaching how unsafe and rigged our elections have been. Now they are saying what a wonderful job the Trump Administration did in making 2020 the most secure election ever. Actually this is true, except for what the Democrats did. Rigged Election!
Alito Religious Liberty Is in Danger of Becoming a Second-Class Right via
Fitton 2020 Election Update via
These states in question should immediately be put in the Trump Win column. Biden did not win, he lost by a lot!
Must see takedown of the horrible, inaccurate and anything but secure Dominion Voting System which is used in States where tens of thousands of votes were stolen from us and given to Biden. Likewise, the Great has a confirming and powerful piece!
REPORT DOMINION DELETED 2.7 MILLION TRUMP VOTES NATIONWIDE. DATA ANALYSIS FINDS 221,000 PENNSYLVANIA VOTES SWITCHED FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP TO BIDEN. 941,000 TRUMP VOTES DELETED. STATES USING DOMINION VOTING SYSTEMS SWITCHED 435,000 VOTES FROM TRUMP TO BIDEN.
. daytime ratings have completely collapsed. Weekend daytime even WORSE. Very sad to watch this happen, but they forgot what made them successful, what got them there. They forgot the Golden Goose. The biggest difference between the 2016 Election, and 2020, was
100 Correct!
So beautiful!
Rigged Election! Thanks Ryan.
Thank you Scott, and stay tuned. You are terrific!
Now 73,000,000 Votes!
OK, Ive seen enough. Whats going to happen to these guys McCabe, Comey the gang of treasonous thugs? They, and many others, got caught. DO SOMETHING!!!
From 200,000 votes to less than 10,000 votes. If we can audit the total votes cast, we will easily win Arizona also!
Big Jim is the greatest!
It took long enough! What is taking North Carolina so long? Are they looking for more ballots to fix that one also? Now with a recount, we will win Georgia also. Pennsylvania Michigan wouldnt let our Poll Watchers Observers into counting rooms. Illegal!
It attempted to alter our election and got caught?
NOW 73,000,000 LEGAL VOTES!
Nobody wants to report that Pennsylvania and Michigan didnt allow our Poll Watchers andor Vote Observers to Watch or Observe. This is responsible for hundreds of thousands of votes that should not be allowed to count. Therefore, I easily win both states. Report the News!
I am pleased to announce that I have given my full support and endorsement to Ronna McDaniel to continue heading the Republican National Committee RNC. With 72 MILLION votes, we received more votes than any sitting President in U.S. history - and we will win!
Everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. Because they are FAKE, just like much of the Lamestream Media!
WE WILL WIN!
You are looking at BALLOTS! Is this what our Country has come to?
A guy named Al Schmidt, a Philadelphia Commissioner and so-called Republican RINO, is being used big time by the Fake News Media to explain how honest things were with respect to the Election in Philadelphia. He refuses to look at a mountain of corruption dishonesty. We win!
Richard Hopkins, Pennsylvania postal worker, recants ballot-tampering claim - Washington Times Stays with the truth, his original story.
The Fake Pollsters at produced a possibly illegal suppression Poll just before the Election showing me down 17 points in Wisconsin when, in fact, on Election Day, the race was even - we are now preparing to win the state. Many such deplorable instances!
People will not accept this Rigged Election!
Obama spied on our campaign - and got caught!
I Was In Philadelphia Watching Fraud Happen. Heres How It Went Down They shut out our Poll Watchers and Observers. Those hundreds of thousands of votes should not be allowed. Corrupt politics.
A brave patriot. More more people are stepping forward to expose this Rigged Election!
He should pay a big price for his subversion!
Thanks Dan. Big win for us in Texas!
Thats why Mike was number one in his class at West Point!
Andrew McCabe was exposed for who he is today in the U.S. Senate. He was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool. The great people of the FBI must make sure that he and his former boss, James Comey, pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the FBI.
But how many ballots were fraudulently cast for the Dems? Did people vote after the election had ended? Did officials actually not allow OBSERVERS and Poll Watchers to look for an honest count?
I dont care what state youre in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention. True, and wait until you see whats coming!
I dont care what State your in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention. True, and wait until you see whats coming!
Ballot Corruption will be exposed tonight at 900pmE on on
Pennsylvania Party Leadership votes are this week. I hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. We will WIN!!
Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!!
Nate Simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his Senate hearing today. Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP! We need action NOW on this very important nomination!!
Happy 245th Birthday to the
Republicans, dont let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again. FIGHT FOR JUSTICE!
Highly Respected Ken Starr Pennsylvanias three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty. Legal scholars agree!
BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE!
WATCH FOR MASSIVE BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE AND, JUST LIKE THE EARLY VACCINE, REMEMBER I TOLD YOU SO!
WE WILL WIN!
WE ARE MAKING BIG PROGRESS. RESULTS START TO COME IN NEXT WEEK. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Only because of President Trump, we are going to have a Vaccine by the end of the year. Ronny Jackson, Texas Congressman-Elect
President Trump told us for some time we would be getting a Vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with Pfizer getting FDA approval by the end of this month. He was right.
Nothing!
Nolte Bret Baier Deletes Tweet that Exposed Backlash Against Fox News via
The and the Democrats didnt want to have me get a Vaccine WIN, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later As Ive said all along!
If Joe Biden were President, you wouldnt have the Vaccine for another four years, nor would the have ever approved it so quickly. The bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
As I have long said, and the others would only announce a Vaccine after the Election, because they didnt have the courage to do it before. Likewise, the should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives!
...The worst polling ever, and then theyll be back in four years to do it again. This is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression!
. ABCWaPo, NBCWSJ were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tampering with an Election. They were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for Election Interference...
...ABCWaPo had me down 17 points in Wisconsin, the day before the election, and I WON! In Iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and I won by 8.2! Fox News and Quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
This is good news, it means I won! cc
Georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the Election!
Pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the Ballot count. Unthinkable and illegal in this country.
Wisconsin is looking very good. Needs a little time statutorily. Will happen soon!
Nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of Fake Votes. are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking!
The threshold identification of Ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated. A very large number of Ballots are impacted. Stay tuned!
...Chris will do a GREAT job! Mark Esper has been terminated. I would like to thank him for his service.
I am pleased to announce that Christopher C. Miller, the highly respected Director of the National Counterterrorism Center unanimously confirmed by the Senate, will be Acting Secretary of Defense, effective immediately..
STOCK MARKET UP BIG, VACCINE COMING SOON. REPORT 90 EFFECTIVE. SUCH GREAT NEWS!
Watch at 800 P.M. Will discuss the Mail-In Ballot Hoax!
Investigators Dispatched After Fulton County Discovers Issue with Ballot Reporting via
Since when does the Lamestream Media call who our next president will be? We have all learned a lot in the last two weeks!
....Where it mattered, they stole what they had to steal.
We believe these people are thieves. The big city machines are corrupt. This was a stolen election. Best pollster in Britain wrote this morning that this clearly was a stolen election, that its impossible to imagine that Biden outran Obama in some of these states.
...and Detroit with a long series of election problems to put it mildly.
....how these ballots were authenticated, because if theres a problem in the system about authentication, that would seriously affect the ENTIRE ELECTION - And what concerns me is that we had over a hundred million mail-in ballot in cites like Philladelphia...
....Supreme Court Justice to compel them to separate ballots that were received after the legislative deadline. It required the intervention of Justice Alito. Thats a large group of ballots. When you talk about systemic problems, its about...
We should look at the votes. Were just beginning the tabulation stage. We should look at these allegations. Were seeing a number of affidavits that there has been voter fraud. We have a history in this country of election problems. In Pennsylvania you had an order by a...
71,000,000 Legal Votes. The most EVER for a sitting President!
THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. I WON THE ELECTION, GOT 71,000,000 LEGAL VOTES. BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE. NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM!
I WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT!
Georgia Counties Using Same Software as Michigan Counties Also Encounter Glitch via What a total mess this election has been!
Lawyers Press Conference at Four Seasons Landscaping, Philadelphia. Enjoy!
Big press conference today in Philadelphia at Four Seasons Total Landscaping 1130am!
Four Seasons Landscaping!
Lawyers Press Conference at Four Seasons, Philadelphia. 1100 A.M.
People were screaming STOP THE COUNT WE DEMAND TRANSPARENCY As Legal Observers were refused admittance to count rooms!
....Bad things took place during those hours where LEGAL TRANSPARENCY was viciously crudely not allowed. Tractors blocked doors windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. BAD THINGS HAPPENED INSIDE. BIG CHANGES TOOK PLACE!
....This would ALSO change the Election result in numerous States, including Pennsylvania, which everyone thought was easily won on Election Night, only to see a massive lead disappear, without anyone being allowed to OBSERVE, for long intervals of time, what the happened...
Tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 P.M. on Tuesday, Election Day, totally and easily changing the results in Pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. As a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of Votes were illegally not allowed to be OBSERVED...
Incredibly stated Jim!
We need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days. Matthew Whitaker.
I had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night, only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. Perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward!
Joe Biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the President. I could make that claim also. Legal proceedings are just now beginning!
Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia? What happened to them?
With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate, the Presidency becomes even more important!
....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States. Also, these late ballots past Election Day are illegal, exactly what the President has been saying. The Supreme Court, in extraordinary circumstances,...
....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days. Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel
....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and....
This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme Court, flagrantly violated the Constitution of the U.S. The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the
Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.
Twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!
I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme Court should decide!
So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, Life, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the Court. Presidency becomes even more important. We will win!
News Conference at 630 P.M.
STOP THE FRAUD!
All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!
Big legal win in Pennsylvania!
Jobless Claims Dip to 751,000, Lowest Since March via
Fmr NV AG Laxalt No Question Trump Would Have Won Nevada Convincingly Without Mail-in Voting via
ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!
STOP THE COUNT!
Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos, Blocked Windows and Observers via
Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to Step Aside via
Our lawyers have asked for meaningful access, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!
.....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!
We have claimed, for Electoral Vote purposes, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania which wont allow legal observers the State of Georgia, and the State of North Carolina, each one of which has a BIG Trump lead. Additionally, we hereby claim the State of Michigan if, in fact,.....
We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are Millions of ballots left to be counted.
Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!
They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!
They are finding Biden votes all over the place in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?
How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?
Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. VERY STRANGE, and the pollsters got it completely historically wrong!
We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!
I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!
We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!
WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!
Get out VOTE! Under my Administration, our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33.1. Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History!Find your polling place below.
A parade for me in Nigeria, a great honor!
VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
Thank you Matt!
Thank you Paris. Keep up the GREAT work!
To all of our supporters thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have been there from the beginning, and I will never let you down. Your hopes are my hopes, your dreams are my dreams, and your future is what I am fighting for every single day!
Thank you Brad!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists.
Heading to GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA, WISCONSIN! Get out and VOTE tomorrow, lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists, Communists, Socialists, and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence, censor, cancel, and punish you. Get out and VOTE tomorrow!
Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. As long as I am President, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth and we will remain Energy Independent!
A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Over the next four years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.
I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president, we still have work to do! Lets WIN, WIN, WIN!
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one. It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws. It will also induce violence in the streets. Something must be done!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN! Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Over the next 4 years, we will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flagand with Gods help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS!
For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men super predators. To every black American I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!
Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your states auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!
I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values!
Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries, and BAN fracking. Bidens energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty, from Michigan, to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania.
Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!
Mi es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economa prspera, proveer oportunidades de educacin para todos, preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe, la familia y la comunidad!
My is a promiseto Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy, provide education opportunity for all, preserve freedom, and support faith, family, and community!
As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, lets remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been blessed and great!
For years you had a President who apologized for America now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA. Tomorrow, you have the power, with your vote, to save AMERICA! GET OUT AND VOTE!!
With your VOTE, we will continue to cut your taxes and regs, support our police, support our military, protect your 2A, defend religious liberty ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country!
...no future for Americas youth. A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns, Layoffs and Misery. Get out and VOTE tomorrow!
Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison statelocking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Fourth of July, and...
If I dont sound like a typical Washington politician, its because Im NOT a politician. If I dont always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, its because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century. Thank you!
...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and Chinas entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!
Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century...
Joe Bidens plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking, Outlaw Mining, explode energy costs, and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania. Get out tomorrow and VOTE
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
I gave Maine everything that ObamaBiden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!
Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!
Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!
Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech, Big Media, Big Donors, and powerful special interests. They are desperate for him to win because they own him, they control him, and they know he will always do their bidding!
The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me because they know I dont answer to THEM I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!
Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES Biggest increase ever!.
Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices. Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court. So how do you vote for this guy?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We have more Cases because we have more Testing!
Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!
...our noble history, heritage heroes and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN!
...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs crime The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, demeaned your sacred faith valuesThe Anti-American radicals defaming...
Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars The career politicians that offshored your industries decimated your factoriesThe open borders lobbyists...
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!
No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.
Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didnt know what he was doing!
Texas, Pennsylvania Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!
Landing in North Carolina. See you soon!
On my way to North Carolina. Big crowds, see you in a little while!
West Virginia, Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
This story is FALSE. They did nothing wrong. But the ANTIFA Anarchists, Rioters and Looters, who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities, are being seriously looked at!
Good Morning! Lets
As long as Im in office, NEBRASKA, MICHIGAN, MINNESOTA, and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before!Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE! Together, well MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
...As I said at the debate Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico? I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE
Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of Artists Against Fracking. This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices...
If you need information on how or where to VOTE, click below!
For 47 years, Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans. Now he wants to close your small businesses, eliminate school choice, and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes. I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community!
Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded33.1!
Thank you Florida!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!
Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court!
Remember, Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in U.S. history, by far. Next year will be our best ever!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China! In 2016, Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you Georgia!
In my opinion, these patriots did nothing wrong. Instead, the FBI Justice should be investigating the terrorists, anarchists, and agitators of ANTIFA, who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people!
Thank you North Carolina!
People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win, you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment!
Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed!
Biden will terminate school choice, eliminate charter schools, defund religious schools, ban prayer in public schools, indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies, and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion. We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God!
For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people whove benefited from his policies are himself his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU.
Pennsylvania Biden said that he doesnt want Fracking. Besides, and more importantly, his handlers wont allow Fracking. That would be the end of Pennsylvania!
Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesnt. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!
Thank you Iowa!
Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon.
Chris Wallace of by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, cant get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joes. His show is a total hit job on your favorite President, me!
Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP
Under my leadership, our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded33.1! While foreign nations are in freefall, we are creating the worlds greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd, so we can keep it going!
You dont have to take my word on Bidens 47 years of treachery and betrayal. We have it on tape, watch!
I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry. The corrupt establishment hates me because I dont answer to THEM I answer to YOU!
Over the last 4 years, I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
WATCH Antifa Shouts Death to Your fking Empire While Burning U.S. Flag via These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice! Biden fears them.
GOP Rep. Jordan Trump Winning Margin Is Going to Be So Strong -- Its Going to Be a No-Doubter via
Report Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania via Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment. No wonder hes losing Pennsylvania!
Being restored immediately. stated that they made an enforcement error. Thank you!
Joe Biden constantly used the term Super Predator when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources.
WISCONSIN! Vote to defend your family, your Country, and the American Way of Life. Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends. Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!
The legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,Let him build the damn thing. That was....
Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!
Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for TRUMP.
...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadnt come along. Many new plants are starting. Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA, and Michigan, with respect. Big jobs plans. Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote!
When I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, now many plants are and have been built...
Our numbers are looking VERY good all over. Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states. The Radical Left is going down!
People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court. Also, is he going to Court Pack? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions. Can only vote against!!!
. Put them back NOW!
Great people with unlimited potential. WIN!!!
Go Joe!!!
Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills The Silent Majority is Silenced No More via Thank you!
Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic AmericansI am fighting for citizens of every race, color and creed. We achieved record low unemployment rates. I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform, and we will deliver School Choice!
Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas. Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvanias energy fracking industry. If Biden Harris get in, they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal. Get out and VOTE!
Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to support our Military, Veterans and our Police Officers. Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America. They stand with the rioters we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement!
Thank you Montoursville, Pennsylvania!
Thank you for your vote of confidence. You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty. get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty!
I LOVE TEXAS!
A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking, Ban Mining, and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania. A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT! Lets WIN PENNSYLVANIA, get out and VOTE!
Over the next 4 years, we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World end our reliance on China. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions!
For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country. A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream! Get out and VOTE!
Thank you Butler, Pennsylvania!
Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!
Thank you to the wonderful for the nice words on Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!
We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Over the next four years, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools. We will teach our children to love our Country, honor our history, and always respect our great American Flag.
We invested $2.5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard. We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability. Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD. I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Dealand instead of endless war, we are forging PEACE in the Middle East!
3 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania! With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, and cut your taxes regulations. Biden would wipe out your factories, ship your jobs to China, raise your taxes, eliminate private healthcare!
Thank you Reading, Pennsylvania!
Biden Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!
Bidens plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING send PA into a nightmare of poverty depression. Gas prices would explode family incomes would plummetI will always defend promote PA energy!
Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on earth. We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33.1 increase, and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country!
I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry. No one embodies this betrayal treachery more than Joe Biden. Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers!
Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began it is the state where the American Constitution was signed and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM! A great RED WAVE is forming!
Thank you Newtown, Pennsylvania!
Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 1230 P.M. Eastern!
Last night, our Countrys brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!
Gallup 56 of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic we are rounding the turn!, than they were 4 years ago under ObamaBiden. Hasnt been equaled in recent times!
THANK YOU!
. will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana. Working with me, she will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Deliver for our Farmers, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We need Esther Joy King in Congress for Illinois! She is a Strong Supporter of our agenda and shes running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save. Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Support our Brave Law Enforcement, Build the Wall, and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment. Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Steve Negron will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire! An Air Force Veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey! He is Strong on the Economy Jobs, Low Taxes, the Military, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York! An engineer and businesswoman, she is Strong on the Economy, Infrastructure, Law Order, and your Second Amendment. Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon! A Successful Rancher, he is Strong on Jobs the Economy, Trade, Law Order, our Military Vets, and your Second Amendment. Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Sheriff Troy Nehls will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Supports Law Order, the Wall, our Military Vets, and your Second Amendment. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We need Genevieve Collins in Congress for Texas! She is Strong on Jobs the Economy, National Security and Education, and she will always Defend your Second Amendment. Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Big Jim Justice is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia! An experienced businessman, he Creates Jobs, Stands with Life, Defends the Second Amendment, and Loves our Coal Miners. Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin! A former Navy SEAL, he will stand for Law Order, Jobs, the Wall, and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment. Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Blake Moore will be a Great Congressman for Utah! He is Strong on Jobs the Economy, Healthcare, our Military Vets, and your Second Amendment. Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Scott Franklin will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida! A Navy Veteran, he will help us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Lisa McClain will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan! She is Strong on the Economy Jobs, Border Security, Infrastructure, our Military Vets, and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a terrific job for North Carolina! In Congress, Dan fights to Create Jobs, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Vote for Her opponent, Joe Cunningham, is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left!
Jim ONeill will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina! Strong on Law Order, the Constitution, and the Second Amendment, Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!
Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!
Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT. Also, he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be!
I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing never likes reporting that!
President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didnt do a thing for Black people. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump supporter.
Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!
A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar. And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and your Country. There is only one way to preserve, protect and defend the American Way of Life you must show up and vote on November 3rd!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists, China, big pharma foreign countries. He will stab you in the back. He only cares about political power he will use that power to hurt you enrich his cronies!
...Bidens deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!
Biden has pledged a staggering 700 increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth. He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans, allowing for unlimited migration from war zones, and terrorist havens...
Your far-left Dem Attorney General, and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of Minnesota, and take away your freedom of assembly. They thought we would cancel but I said NO WAY, I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota!
President Obama used to say that if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do. In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, you dont have to do this Joe, and then wouldnt endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. Joe is lost!.
THANK YOU MINNESOTA!
Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country. Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home, and a prisoner in your own Country. Bidens plan will kill the American DreamGet your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE!
Ive done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream, and the party of Abraham Lincoln!
The Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!
This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression, and its between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown!
One of the most important issues is LAW ORDER. Biden stands with the rioters looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement. If Biden wins, the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government. No city, no family, and no community will be safe. VOTE
This election is the most important election of our lifetime! Get out and VOTE to
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING. Arizona, Georgia, Nevada, Texas - Get out and VOTE today! Find your Early Voting Location below.
We did not come this far, and fight this hard, only to surrender our Country back to the Washington SwampSo get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors GET OUT VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all.
Joe Biden is a corrupt politicianthe Biden family is looking more more like a crime family. They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists, while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China. If Biden wins, China Wins. When we win, Michigan wins, and AMERICA wins!
This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class or whether we declare that in America, we are still governed by THE PEOPLE! Get out and VOTE!
Bidens speech is 90 made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on
...a cheerleader for NAFTA sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for Chinas entry into the World Trade Organization gutting your industries to finance Chinas rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China...
...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare Social Security. Biden was...
Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire U.S. Energy Industry no fracking, no energy, and high gas prices. While I am President, America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT!
Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
On my way to MICHIGAN, WISCONSIN, and MINNESOTA!
Biden would lock us down forever. We are rounding the corner!
Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka. Now go back to work! November 3rd.
Such a Great Honor! Thank you, Brett!
Great Red Wave!
This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country. Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period. The Election should END on November 3rd.
I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!
SECOND AMENDMENT!
SUPREME COURT!
33.1 GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!
Rigged?
The now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher much percentages.
More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!
If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President, the 4 Justices plus1 that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT, but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well. At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left!
Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court. Dont let this happen!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!
Watch the Great Red Wave!
Way ahead in Texas!
Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus Endorsement of President Trump Divisive via Who is Darren Rovell? Thank you Jack!!!
Pollak 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trumps First Term via
Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump via
Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents via We were planning for as many as 25,000 people in Minnesota. Now the Governor, at the last moment, will only allow the first 250 people to attend. Riots plus Omar WIN!
For years you had a President who apologized for Americanow you have a President who is standing up for America! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and GET OUT VOTE! On 113 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1 for the 3rd Quarter, the best number by far in our Countrys history!
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went
My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Bidens plan surges refugees 700 into Minnesota, Michigan Pennsylvaniaburdening schools hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror.
Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence. He reminds me of Sleepy Joe!
Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to Monday, due to high speed winds and bad weather. I love you North Carolina. Stay safe, see you on Monday!!!
If I dont sound like a typical Washington politician, its because Im NOT a politician. If I dont always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, its because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!
For half a century, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politicianIf Biden Wins, China Wins. When We Win, Florida Winsand America Wins!
This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE. Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela. As long as I am President, America will NEVER be a socialist Country!
Your VOTE on Tuesday, November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY. We are going to defeat the Marxists, Socialists, Rioters, Flag-Burners, and Left-wing Extremists! Get out and VOTE!
I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA! 5 days from now, we are going to win FLORIDA, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House. Get out and VOTE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
THANK YOU TAMPA, FLORIDA!
Thank you to Joe Scarborough for seeing the light. Our Country is doing great!
A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!
....He also worked at, of all places, They all have big liability!!!
So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as Anonymous by the named Miles Taylor who I never even heard of!, was only a little known staffer as opposed to a Senior Administration Official. He then scammed lied to got a job there....
Our hearts are with the people of France. America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight. These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately. No country, France or otherwise can long put up with it!
Thank you Mark!
THANK YOU!
GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd.
Thank you to Dave Rubin, author of Dont Burn This Book, just announced on that he is voting for your favorite President, me. I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good. When I see an American flag, I see Trump support.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
Maria is badly needed in Washington. She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State. Her opponent, is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi. She does nothing for Florida. Maria has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Jack, this is a Great Honor. Thank you!
Why isnt Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is notrend, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history, crushing regulations, slashing Medicare and Social Security, and abolishing American Energy. A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders, offshoring jobs, shredding the Second Amendment...
If you vote for Biden, your kids will not be in school, there will be no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, and no Fourth of July!
We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, protect Social Security and Medicare, and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions!
Thank you Goodyear, Arizona! Get out and VOTE Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!
Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was anonymous, but I dont know him - never even heard of him. Just another SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Techs Now works for Fake News They should fire, shame, and punish everybody....
Thank you
Im NOT just running against Joe BidenIm running against the left-wing media, the Big Tech giants, and the wretched Washington Swamp. They have nothing but disdain for you and your valuesget out and VOTE to
Proud citizens like you helped build this Countryand together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People! Get out and VOTE so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU ARIZONA!
Why isnt Twitter trending Biden corruption? Its the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!
Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!
The USA doesnt have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!
Its amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on last night. Its the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isnt allowing a word to be said about it.
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
Incredible evening, incredible people. Love Nebraska, and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also! $28 Billion for Farmers!!!
Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be hopefully! over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, many tests of young people.
Thank you Charles. She will be a great one!
As a developer long ago, and continuing to this day, the politicians ran Chicago into the ground. I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower. Doesnt that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy?
We are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!
THANK YOU NEBRASKA! Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors co-workers GET OUT AND VOTE! We didnt come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp. On 113 we must finish the job Drain the Swamp once and for all!
THANK YOU NEBRASKA!
On my way to Nebraska, after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots!
Thank you WISCONSIN, get out and VOTE! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party. If Biden wins, China will OWN the USA. When we win, YOU win, Wisconsin wins, and AMERICA wins!
Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponents insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals.
WISCONSINIf I dont sound like a typical Washington politician, its because Im NOT a politician. If I dont always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, its because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign, thank you! See everyone soon!!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
This Election Day, you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box! Get out and VOTE! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all!!
Last night, we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court! Justice Barrett will defend our rights, our liberties, and our God-Given FREEDOM!
This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION. Its a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN. Its a choice between our plan to Kill the virus or Bidens plan to kill the American Dream!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!
Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!
In Lufkin, Texas someone was stealing Trump signs, so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community. Love it, thank you!
Now is playing Obamas no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldnt believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes.
Thank you Michiganleaving the White House shortly, see you soon!
They his handlers ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a mental fog. A disaster. Very little reporting on this!
Thank you to the Boston Herald. A great honor!
The biggest difference between now and 2016 is They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more much! enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!
Obama is drawing VERY small tiny numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. Youll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the Worlds, from China!
Thank you very much to the great for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.
3 up in Pennsylvania!
Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the people.
Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9.
Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!
New York. Vote for Trump. What the Hell! do you have to lose?
To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn. Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement. VOTE!
Thank you to the most incredible people on earth. I stand with you 100. Get that great Officer back to work!
Claudia Tenney is GREAT. Loves New York USA. She has my Full Complete Endorsement! VOTE
Rose is a disaster for New York. Not listened to, or respected, in Washington. A puppet for Pelosi!
Let New Yorks Finest finally do their job!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
7 DAYS!!!
The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING! Biggest and most exciting Rallies EVER. Rasmussen, 53 National.
.
ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WONT BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!
Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS!
Drudge is DOWN 61 since he went Liberal andor Crazy. Heading to oblivion!
I agree!
Bidens Handlers want to expand the Court. This would be very bad for the USA. On top of that they dont want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court. MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES!
Strongly Trending Google since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? This refers changing it to me. The answer in most states is YES. Go do it. Most important Election of your life!
Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd.
Thank you Martinsburg, Pennsylvania!
Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industrythat means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!
Thank you Lititz, Pennsylvania! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Played this video at todays rally in Allentown, Pennsylvaniaa must watch!
Thank you Allentown, Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!
Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!
New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!
Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!
We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!
Joe Biden called me George yesterday. Couldnt remember my name. Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview. The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up!
A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices. How terrible is this? We are just seeking a fair vote count. This can only lead to very bad things. Bad intentions much??? Disgraceful!!!
Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and others, please watch. His party, and Joe, will stop Fracking immediately. Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar. Vote Trump!
Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump. Watch this clip!
In honor of Maine!
Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries, left early. I had my first big victory there - Do it again!
Great people. Vote for Trump!
Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effectiveat midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team Steve Biegun for getting the deal done!
Thank you Rabbis!
THANK YOU MAINE!
He didnt stick around for the primaries, either. He left WAY early
Amazing!
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
Congratulations to for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!
Have a GREAT MAGA-GRAS Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!
Pennsylvania Ballot mistakes made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in particular at great risk. Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately. By the way, Philadelphia is out of control.
So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House. Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends. Protect your 2nd Amendment, Military, Vets, and sooo much more!
. is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!
So true!
WISCONSIN!
As long as I am President, I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement! Joe Biden wont.
This is the most important election in the history of our Country. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices, support our police, protect the defend our borders, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA!
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Law Enforcement is watching and involved. So dishonest!
...And a great show by tonight. Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin!
Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!
Thank you OHIO!
What a terrible thing for Biden to say! Rigged Election?
Great to be in Ohio, leaving now for Wisconsin. See you in a little while!
THANK YOU OHIO!
Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!
Nobody is showing up for Obamas hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe Biden Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!
Debate Poll Average 89 Trump. 11 Sleepy Joe Biden!
An Apprentice Champion. Check out his very interesting new book!
Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe, and guests. Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin. See you later!!!
Trump Predicts 35 Growth in Q3 -- Were Coming Back Stronger via Would be biggest ever!
Pence Voters Know Biden and Harris Are Going to Pack the Court via With the Radical Left. Cant let this happen. VOTE!
Presidential Promises Kept Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades via
Trump Biden Works for Big Tech, Big Media They Keep Scandals Quiet via
Carney Joe Bidens Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners via
The Fake News is talking about CASES, CASES, CASES. This includes many low risk people. Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd. The Cases are up because TESTING is way up, by far the most, and best, in the world. Mortality rate is DOWN 85 plus!
JUST VOTED. A great honor!
Our Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever Again!. Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Dont let it happen!!!
Carney Joe Bidens Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners via Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking. No more Sand Mine usage!
If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, its because Im NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, its because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!
...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!
...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turnshattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars...
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and hes COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place...
For years, Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicarea fact which Joe falsely denied last night. This video Joe Bidens own words was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Bidens atrocious record and egregious lies!
Thank you Pensacola, Florida! Together, we are going to Make America Great Again!
THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages, Florida!
On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!
Joe Bidens response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didnt have a clue!
Biden said he is going to transition out of fracking by 2025. I hope Texas, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Oklahoma, North Dakota, and all of the rest were listening last night. High energy prices, massive jobs losses! Vote Trump.
Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last nights debate when he said that he, Joe, was Vice President, not President, when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what O was thinking when he heard that one?
Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person, in the Great State of Nebraska! Geteverything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, below!
HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world. Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, thats THREE Arabcountries to have done so in only a matter of weeks. More will follow!
Thank you Megyn!
11 DAYS!
As per your request, Joe...
Here you go
Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!
Suburban women want Safety Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone!
Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee!
Wow. Todays story on Joe Bidens corruption is a monster. Many witnesses to a crime against our Country. This isnt going away. Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered!
Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies. He doesnt even want to make a list to explain who they are. Cant let this happen!
Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse.
Obama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didnt even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!
Look at the bias, hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS. Tonights anchor, Kristen Welker, is far worse!
Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done. Rasmussen Approval Rating, just out, 52. Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 96. Thank you!
Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!
. Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!
The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 ....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. Ive had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted....
....to be around to vote for President Trump. Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!
I will soon be giving a first in television history full, unedited preview of the vicious attempted takeout interview of me by Lesley Stahl of Watch her constant interruptions anger. Compare my full, flowing and magnificently brilliant answers to their Qs.
Virginia!
Depression!
Ratcliffe Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info, Iran Has Tried to Damage President Trump via
I am not just running against Biden, I am running against the Corrupt Media, the Big Tech Giants, and the Washington Swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd!
I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities, great JOBS, and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS!
For years you had a President who apologized for Americanow you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for YOU. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and co-workers, and GET OUT AND VOTE. Together, we are going to
If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician, its because Im NOT a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment, its because I was elected to fight for YOU, harder than anyone ever has before!
The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment.
The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical Americans income by $6,500 per year. They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries.
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
My great honor!
Exclusive Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout, Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them Part One via Biden was a disaster on this. All talk and no action. Remember and VOTE!
Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area via
Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion Hes a Man that Wants to Do It All for America via
WSJ Editorial Board Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China via
See you soon North Carolina!
....Should take care of our people. It wasnt their fault that the Plague came in from China!
Just dont see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run and high crime Democrat cities and states....
Michelle Fischbach is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement, the Second Amendment, your Families and our incredible Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois! A successful businessman, he will Create Jobs, Lower Taxes, Defend Law Order, and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Eric Esshaki will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress! He will help us Lower your Taxes, Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Paul Junge will be a great Congressman for Michigan! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration, and he will help us Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, and put America First in Congress. Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Jim Marchant will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! Unlike his Radical Left opponent, Jim is Strong on Jobs, Law Enforcement, our Military Vets, and your Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada! A former professional wrestler, he will fight for Lower Taxes, Better Education and More Jobs, and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman is doing a terrific job for New York! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Lefts lies! Strong on our Second Amendment, Vets, Military and New York Law Enforcement, Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin! He fights hard for Wisconsins Incredible Workers, our Brave Law Enforcement, and your Second Amendment. Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Darin LaHood is a fighter for Illinois! A strong supporter of our agenda, he is helping us Drain the Swamp, Deliver for our Farmers, and Defend your Second Amendment. Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Ken Buck is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado! He is Strong on Law Order, Low Taxes, Border Security, our Military Vets, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Senator delivers for Mississippi! She helped us Cut your Taxes, Secure our Border, and Defend the Second Amendment. Cindys opponent, Mike Espy, is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders! Vote for Cindy!
Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl with some of the many things weve done for Healthcare. Lesley had no idea!
Your 401ks will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans.
Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly.
Great interview Eric!
Happening all over USA. No wonder California is never in play for Republicans. Rigged Election!
Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment, Virginia!
WSJ Editorial Board Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China via Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician, and got caught. At least now he wont be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in U.S. history!
Biden Sought Grand Bargain to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security via Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY. If elected, he will do it again. I wont, never!!!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about...
...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!
Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come.
WISCONSIN! Early voting is now underwaylets
Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins. Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, its strangulation. Not good.
To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!
Will be interviewed on at 800 A.M. Enjoy!
THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just arriving in Prescott, what a crowd! I love Arizona!!
A perfect strike for the American people!
....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and thats so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!
Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City State have sunk to historic lows...
...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!
Dr.Tony Fauci says we dont allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said no masks let China in. Also, Bad arm!
GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!
Heading for Arizona. See you soon!
....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!
There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. team are doing a fantastic job....
WOW! Thank you ARIZONA! Departing Nevada now, and will see you all soon. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
FLORIDAEarly voting is underway! For more information, go to and lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PENNSYLVANIA! Today is the last day to register to VOTE!
Sen. Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting via
Watch the on at 1000 P.M. He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden. and Larry Kudlow were great tonight!
THANK YOU NEVADA!
Big show tonight on will be exposing Joe Bidens Corruption at 800pmE and of course, dont miss with at 900pmE!
THANK YOU Newport Beach, California! Now on my way to Carson City, Nevada. Another big crowd, see you soon!
Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!
Not my Wall, which will soon be finished and Mexico will pay for the Wall!. Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim OBrien that headed Mini Mike Bloombergs humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep!
Very proud of the my former hometown newspaper. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!
Hunter Bidens laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for 50, or 10 Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!
The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high and costly level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!
John, thank you. Such a great honor!
Bins full of ballots in a dumpster
...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!
Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities...
This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country!
If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rdVOTE
The Democrat Party you once knew no longer exists!
17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE!
THANK YOU WISCONSIN!
Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!
Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI, WI, and PA via The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news. I won it all against Crooked Hillary!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations via
It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House!
Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon!
GEORGIA! Early voting is underway. Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks!
100 True!
Great!
Biden is a National Security threat!
Shes always been terrible unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but Ill still play the game. The people know! Hows Steve Scully doing?
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRYS HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
GIANT RED WAVE COMING!
....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldnt come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully RETIRE. could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?
Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55 to 4, Jeff the Flake Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56 to....
The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesnt have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican....
...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he cant lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, hes just a wonderful guy!
Trump in Georgia Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community via
THANK YOU MACON, GEORGIA!
Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!
THANK YOU OCALA, FLORIDA!
Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!
Biden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didnt have a clue as usual!. Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!
There is a nasty rumor out there that of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didnt support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!
Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitters Fake Trending Section!
Steve Scully of had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasnt. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was confiding in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!
Very good reviews on last nights Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!
Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!
Biden lied Pennsylvania!
Thank you!
Thank you LIBERTARIANS. We are getting it all done, and FAST! VOTE TRUMP!!!
The process has long begun. Happening fast!
Great!
Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that didnt ask him any questions on his being a corrupt politician. Big Tech Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!
Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa!
Darrell is great. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will Never let you down. WARRIOR!!!!
Jason wrote a new book. It is fantastic. Order it Now, make Jason He deserves it!!!
Thank you!
Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News via Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe Big T
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!
I will be doing a major Fake Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 800 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully he is now suspended from for lying Debate. I wonder if theyll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!
I was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the Commission. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?
If we dont win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the Court w radical left justices who will shred the empower violent mobs, and protect terrorists violent criminals!
Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes, confiscate your guns, end fracking, destroy your suburbs, and drive God from the public square.
If Big Tech persists, in coordination with the mainstream media, we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections. When government granted these protections, they created a monster!
It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! This election is a simple choice If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, North Carolina WINS, and America WINS!
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA, ON MY WAY!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
If Biden winsChina will OWN the United States...
Heading to North Carolina soon. Really Big Crowd. We will have a great time!!!
Will be interviewed by on at 1000 A.M. Enjoy!
Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close!!!
So many great people mentioned in this article. Thank you!
VOTE TRUMP. SAVE YOUR 2ND. AMENDMENT.
Nancy Pelosi couldnt care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!
People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!
Jorge, youre really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support!
Ive gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now its revealed that it was a Hoax by the other side, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where wed be now without Fake Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!
Congratulations to the for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. Hes always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!
Jorge, your really tough and really smart. My Great Honor to have your support!
Joe Biden must immediately release all emails, meetings, phone calls, transcripts, and records related to his involvement in his familys business dealings and influence peddling around the worldincluding in CHINA!
I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal, hardworking IOWA Patriots! 20 days from now, we are going to win IOWA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House!
THANK YOU IOWA!
So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of Smoking Gun emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son, Hunter, in the It is only the beginning for them. There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician. REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
Just left the White House, on my way to the Great State of Iowa!
Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!
Fight hard Republicans. They have been taking advantage of the system for years!
Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!
Vote for Trump. Save your 2nd Amendment!
Virginia, VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment.
I will never let you down!
For years you had a President who apologized for America now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE!
Proud citizens like you helped build this Countryand together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People!
This election is a simple choice If Biden Wins, China Wins. When WE Win, YOU WIN, Pennsylvania WINS, and America WINS!
One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. When asked about fracking, Biden said he would make sure its ELIMINATED! With me, youre going to FRACK!
Thank you Johnstown, Pennsylvania!
You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this? But havent the Dems been doing this for years? See you in court. Fight hard Republicans!
Watch Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!
Totally Negative China Virus Reports. Hit it early and hard. Fake News is devastated. They are very bad and sick! people!
How dare failed Presidential Candidate 1 and falling! make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always.....
....protecting people with Pre-existing conditions. He has done nothing on Healthcare, cost or otherwise, or virtually anything else. An empty suit!!!
Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS. Find out where to early vote by clicking below!
Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
Join me Friday 1016 evening at 700pmE in Macon, Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport!
Join me Friday 1016 in Ocala, Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 400pmE!
Join me on Thursday afternoon 100pmE in Greenville, North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport!
Join me tomorrow tonight Wednesday in Iowa, at the Des Moines International Airport!
Join me tonight at 700pmE in Johnstown, Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport!
This is happening all over the U.S. Rigged Election???
STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!
The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas. Not on my watch!
Actually, Tonys pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications. No problem, no masks. WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against. Trump was right. We saved 2,000,000 USA lives!!!
We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. Youve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!!
Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!
GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through since recent founding. November 3rd. The most important Election in the History of our Country!!!
California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and harvest votes. No way Republicans get a fair shake. Lawyers, get started!!! California is in big trouble. Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all!!! Also, New York and Illinois - go for it!
Congratulations Dan. You, Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge. Its gone the way of the ratings down 70. People want the TRUTH! Drudge Report sold out, suffered a massive nervous breakdown. Happening also???
Thank you Greg. You got their Hoax right from the beginning!
Thank you, so nice!
Always safe Katie!
Matt is great. Strong on Military, Vets and our great 2nd Amendment. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement!!!
Wow. Our future V.P. So cool!
No thanks!
Scam! He worked for Sleepy Joe, but never admitted this rather major fact!
Thank you!!!
Far too many. His own Chief of Staff said they had no idea what they were doing.
Thank you!
He must create a list, like I did! Always considered most important Presidential decision. Voters entitled to know!!!!
Mitt cant be thrilled about this! Joe also said yesterday hes running for the U.S. Senate again and totally forgot where he was wrong State!. Joe has never been a nice or kind guy, so its easier to find this obvious rapidly getting worse dementia unacceptable for USA!
....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. Ill let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but opportunity could be BIG! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough!
I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!
Great Florida Rally tonight. Big crowd, lot of enthusiasm you win races with enthusiasm. Just got back. Tomorrow night its off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd. We are winning. Economy is starting to boom. Good timing!!!
WH Physician Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus via
Charles Hurt The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades via VOTE TRUMP!
READ Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to Disrupting the Country if Election is Close via They know it is over for them. Law Order will prevail, strong version!
FLORIDA! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one. In-person Early Voting begins next weekso get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and GET OUT AND VOTE! Need more information? Go to
I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years. Now, he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee...
Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court. He says voters dont deserve to know. If they win, Dems will pack the w radical left justices who will shred the empower violent mobs, and shield deadly criminals terrorists.
Joe Bidens agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors. For years, Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare. Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliensdecimating Medicare and destroying Social Security...
It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your support, and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before!
Getting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks and others!!!
. allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!
Im running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate. Sleepy Joe Biden today. Its only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!
Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks hes running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romneys name, and where he was!
Happy National Farmers Day!
The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!
Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!
Whats going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!
Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today. He couldnt remember the name of Mitt Romney, said again he was running for the U.S. Senate, and forgot what State he was in. If I did any of this, it would be disqualifying. With him, hes just Sleepy Joe!
He should sue the women, and all of those who illegally worked with them, for false and disgusting accusations!!!
Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake via He really blew it. Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship. Didnt have a clue!!!
Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!
Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70, Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game via Maybe they were watching in China, but I doubt it. Zero interest!
Joe Biden has let the Unions down always has, always will!
307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Bidens Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster.
Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!! VOTE
So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing fingers with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesnt want to even think about discussing it. Journalism has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesnt even care!
Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden Rally in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!
HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!
STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DONT RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!
The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401ks incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Dont let it happen!
Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!
We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOURE WELCOME!
So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!
STOCK MARKET UP BIG!
Remember, I wouldnt be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!
November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight.
Maxine Waters has long been considered the most corrupt person in Congress. Only habit keeps her there. Vote for Joe E. Collins lll and get this long time CROOK, Maxine Waters, out of office!!!
Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, its the Economy Stupid. VOTE!!!
Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and thats what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!
The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!
Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401ks at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!
SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!
Save your 2nd Amendment. Vote Trump!
Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isnt it? Vote Trump!
New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices. Pathetic!
See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on and Enjoy!!!
Leading by a lot!
Rigged!
No. A Rigged Election!
The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!
Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!
These are Biden fools. ANTIFA RADICALS. Get them FBI, and get them now!
Taking advantage of fools. Law Order! Portland, call in the Feds!
Put these animals in jail, now. The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb leadership fools. This is Biden! Law Order!
The Radical Left fools in Portland dont want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously. Vote!
Record 96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53 Approval Rating Overall. Record 56 Better Off Now than 4 Years Ago Gallup during the ObamaSleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!
The Democrats are very proud!
Its the only way they know!
56 of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago under ObamaBiden, while only 32 said they were worse off. Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin And it will only get better!!! VOTE
Turn California around. No more shutdowns, rolling blackouts, forest fires management, or water rationing because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean. VOTE TRUMP!
See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!
The Fake News, MSDNC, the failing and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J.
They are indeed Dr. Faucis own words. We have done a phenomenal job, according to certain governors. Many people agree...And now come the Vaccines Cures, long ahead of projections!
Biden evades Court Packing question. Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Dont let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!
People dont remember the chaos, hatred discord that we all went through during the 8 years of ObamaBiden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places, were a complete total disaster. I wouldnt be in the beautiful White House if it werent for Sleepy Joe, etc.
A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I cant get it immune, and cant give it. Very nice to know!!!
AP has long been Fake News!
In 2016, the ABC NewsWashington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!
. The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime. Thats only because you got it so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!
15 minutes to interview. Enjoy!
FDRs own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!
Oklahoma, we need in Congress! She delivers for our Teachers Students, and she will always protect your Energy Jobs, unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil Gas industry. Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Yvette Herrell is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We need in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina! Strong on the Military, Law Enforcement and our Veterans, Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We need Tiffany Shedd in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizonas Farmers, the Second Amendment and the Border. Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Dale Crafts will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Ashley Hinson will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses our Incredible Farmersa true supporter of our Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savannas Act the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE!
Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!
Congratulations to former President a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!
I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association. Thank you, I will NEVER let you down!
Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped!
. the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, Ive been hacked, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as hes lost all credibility!
Thank you So true!
Will be in Sanford, Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY!
COLORADO! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY! Fill them out and VOTE
Breaking News 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!
Will be doing show with at 1200 P.M. TALK RADIO. ENJOY!!!
Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!
Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. is there and ready!!!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!
Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!
VOTE!
Hello!
I will save your a Second Amendment, Virginia. He is going to take it away. Vote Trump!
Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement. A warrior for Virginia and the USA! Big on protecting your Second Amendment!
The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56 of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago OBiden. Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!
Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husbands boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced...
...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacistwhile Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities...
...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmeropen up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!
Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!
Also, they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment!!!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vzquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program!
Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests!
Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It
Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation. They dont call her Crazy for nothing!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didnt have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didnt have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD!
The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!
If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!
Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!
Will be interviewed by at 800 A.M. Great Jobs Numbers Economy, Plus!
Mike Pence WON BIG!
2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harriss watch as TOP COP.
Moderator cut off Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...Kamala Harriss Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus
Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION, more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016
Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden...
Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING.
Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?
Biden supports Cory Bookers Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!
My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!
We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!
A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT!
Just spoke with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!
Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta, and spoke with of Texas and John Bel Edwards. Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. We are working with them very closely please be prepared, be careful, and be safe!
Wow!!! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS IN HISTORY!!! BIDEN, OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT!!! BIDEN SHOULDNT BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT!!!
Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA! Cast your vote early in person, or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now. We want all eligible voters to vote, and have it counted! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!
Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden...
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE NON FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE NON FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
She is far further left than Crazy Bernie. Biden would not last a month!
Ari, THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT, JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT! Look at whats happening with Fake, Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country??? VOTE
They went for a Coup. Almost destroyed our Country. You had the right President at the right moment. Current Voters, REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
Hes been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer reported? Fake News!
Thank you!
Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign, and much worse - COUP! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe! VOTE
Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have started two years ago. Shameful!
Wow, what does this grim picture remind you of? I am the only thing in the Radical Lefts way! VOTE
VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA!
Thank you Heather!
True!
Move Fast, I Am Waiting To Sign!
Proud of you Natalie!
We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan. Open up your Churches and your Schools. Auto companies pouring in and expanding thank you Mr. President!. Have fun!
Watch clip. Great job South Dakota!
...And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country, AND VERY WELL!
DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN, PERMANENTLY. HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING. VOTE NOW!
Vote TRUMP California. No more blackouts, shutdowns, ridiculous forrest fires, or water rationing coming soon. We can win in California NOW!
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski Bossie Trump America First The President Succeeds Against All Odds via Great book, go out and give it a try!
I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country.
Because Ive beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much, and so badly, that he has become a blathering idiot. He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others. He is a total loser. is a Tennessee Star, a highly respected WINNER!
If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks $1,200, they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy?
11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received faulty Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!
The House Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!
Wear your mask in the beauty parlor, Nancy!
So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum, achieve more than any other President in First Term, and then they talk Chaos. They created crimes against me and this administration!
A Disgraceful Con Artist! Charges anyone?
Taking too long. Media is in on it. A true scandal!
All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!
New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job!
Chris Wallace was a total JOKE. Protected Joe all night long. Hes no Mike!!!
His all time favorite ad. Disgraceful!
Cant believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED. Pathetic!
It will be fast and easy!
Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM?
I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History, the Russia Hoax. Likewise, the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal. No redactions!
Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! Thank you!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing games with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!
True!
How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking JOBS!, 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!
...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
... Mitch McConnell not to delay,but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to theUnited StatesSupreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doingverywell. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment...
Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 TrillionDollarsto bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no wayrelated to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their...
...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives tostop negotiating until after the election when, immediately afterI win,we will pass amajorStimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked...
Did anyone get to see that absolute Joke of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!
REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they wont say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!
THANK YOU!
Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren the others simply took him apart, is going crazy trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrats hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!
NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts!
I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!
FEELING GREAT!
Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!
Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of very LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT VOTE!!!
Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!
You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid. Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!
Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls.
....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid. mdevine Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!
You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points! 28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 630 P.M. Feeling really good! Dont be afraid of Covid. Dont let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!
It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didnt do it, Media would say RUDE!!!
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski Bossie Trump America First The President Succeeds Against All Odds via
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA, FLORIDA, GEORGIA, OHIO, AND TEXAS! Click below for more information, and lets
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME. VOTE!
SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!
FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!
PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!
BETTER CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!
PRO LIFE! VOTE!
MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!
SPACE FORCE. VOTE!
BEST V.A. EVER. 91 APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!
401K. VOTE!
BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!
LAW ORDER. VOTE!
STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!
STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!
Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. Its IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!
IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN, VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!
Im voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump. USA Voter. Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!
I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
Thank you so much!
OUR GREAT USA WANTS NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!
Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!
Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!
Tonight, and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!
Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!
Im used to it!
I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately!
Will be interviewed tonight by at 900. Enjoy!
Thank you!
Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski Bossie Trump America First The President Succeeds Against All Odds via Great book. Order now!
THANK YOU!
Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?
I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you Paul!
100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured Americas Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America and back to MINNESOTA!
As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER!
I want to defend preserve our nations historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas dont assault cops burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org.
Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you cant remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous!
Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota!
So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!
Sleepy Joes USA!
Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!
Just landed in Minnesota. Hasnt been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed. Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?
HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!
So weird to watch interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joes train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!
Just departed the White House for Minnesota!
Thank you!
Thank you Ari!
No wonder I didnt lose my hair!
Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate!
Should be arrested on the spot!
LIAR!!!
Thank you Chuck and Harry!
Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!
Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?
Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didnt even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didnt close up fast enough. Just another politician!
Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed!
Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!
Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW ORDER! There go the Suburbs.
Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA.
Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left which he lost last night!. He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!
Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
EPA One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trumps commitment
Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy!
The American people want LAW ORDER Joe Biden wont even say those words!
The Fraternal Order of PoliceendorsedPresident Trumps reelection, saying he has the full and enthusiastic support of its more than 355,000 members.
I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years!
If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died!
Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!
When Joe Biden was VP...
Wow. Wont let Poll Watchers Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking Energy Jobs your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!
Wow. Wont let Poll Watchers Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!!
Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. has a fantastic new book, One Vote Away, out today! Its the best book to read as we fight to to
Rigged Election!
Now Fake News is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!
Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media!
WOW!
Thank you
The Trump Doctrine earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination!
Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?
.....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasnt, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release....
.....Financial Statements, from the time I announced I was going to run for President, showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!
The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation tax credits.....
The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!
Great book!
This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis Iron O Range!
FAKE NEWS!
Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court. Would be a big WIN for the USA!
WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!
Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now hes committed a serious crime!
YES, for many years, and hundreds of times a year. He is a Senatorial JOKE!
Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there Impeach him!, should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance!
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nations most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution Judge Amy Coney Barrett...
For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors co-workers, and GET OUT VOTE! Early voting has already begun VOTE!
Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out VOTE!
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured Americas Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America and back to PENNSYLVANIA!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
Based on the strong recommendation of and of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska Canada!
THANK YOU VIRGINIA!
The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to get Trump. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. Trump was right, they said!
I will NEVER let you down!
A three year HOAX. A failed COUP!
A great Scam against our Country!
Great!
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesnt trust the or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!
BIG NEWS! The American History Museum reopened todayin our Nations Capital! Go visit and learn about our GREAT Countrys history!
I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organizationBLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities.
Just landed in Atlanta, Georgia. On my way now, see everyone shortly!
Just had a great Roundtable in Doral, Florida. We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years and the best is yet to come. Thank you!
RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!
Working hard in New Mexico. I built the Wall security and will totally protect your Second Amendment The Dems want to obliterate it!. Will be there soon!
One of the worst polls in 2016 was the Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didnt. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52.
THANK YOU FLORIDA!
Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election!
I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville! 40 days from now, we are going to WIN FLORIDA, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! VOTE!!
GREAT NEWS! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall! Congrats to the players, their families, the coaches, and the universities. The west coast games will kick off soon Youre welcome!!!
Thank you. United We Stand!
Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!
Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on and
We are providing better care, and more choice, at lower cost. We are delivering a healthier, safer, brighter, and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST!
The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Planbetter care! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions.
The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors. The days of ripping off American patients are over. Today, I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing.
The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Planmore CHOICE for American Patients!
Under The America First Healthcare Plan, we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world cutting-edge treatments, state-of-the-art medicine, groundbreaking cures, and true health security for you and your loved ones!
We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions!
It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan! We will provide MORE CHOICES, LOWER COSTS, and BETTER CARE!
Up BIG in South Carolina!
Trump Was Right Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of Crossfire Hurricane Investigation Newly disclosed internal FBI notes text messages detail the extent of the FBIs desire to take down Trump his associates at any cost.
On my way to North Carolina!
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida. See you all TONIGHT!
Thank you, I will never let you down!
Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY! Make sure to request yours, fill it out send it in. Request yours today
Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 12 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!
Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day Again. Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!
North Carolina looking good! See you later.
Rasmussen Approval Rating 52. Republican Party Approval Rating, 95. Thank you!
Florida looking good!
LAW ORDER!
Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!
Congressman Greg Gianforte will be a tremendous Governor of Montana! A successful Businessman, he will Cut your Taxes, Defend your and protect Montanas Beautiful Public Lands. Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Diana Harshbarger will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee! She is Strong on Immigration, Jobs, Life and the Second Amendment. Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Scott Fitzgerald will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin! He is Strong on Jobs and Life, wants to Lower Your Taxes, and he will always Defend your Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa! He will Fight for our Farmers, help us Build the Wall, and Defend your Second Amendment. Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Barry Moore will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama! An early supporter of our agenda, he is Strong on Jobs, Life, the Wall, Law Order and the Second Amendment. Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We need Jerry Carl in Congress for the People of Alabama! He Loves our Veterans, Stands for Law Order, and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment. Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Tracey Mann will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers, and he is Strong on the Border, Law Order and the Second Amendment! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth and we hope, pray, and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny!
I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016, and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020. Thank you very much, I will never let you down!
...60 years ago, these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime. Today, we declare Americas unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA!
Today, we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People, and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM...
Wow, big news. Pick it up Lamestream Media, and pick it up BIG!
Very important that, in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules Regulations, you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place. Go sign up NOW!!!
Bay of Pigs Veterans Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!
White House News Conference today at 600 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!
Big news. Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results. must move quickly!
I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husbands request. Joe Biden was John McCains lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!
Great book!
Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania. Tremendous energy!
With your VOTE, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class and we are going to Defend our Jobs, our Families, our Borders, and our treasured way of Life!
I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years!
I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots. This election is a choice between Pennsylvania China. If Biden wins, China wins. When we win, Pennsylvania Wins, and AMERICA WINS!
On my way to Pennsylvania, see everyone soon!
...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you dont, theres nothing in it for you!
A few weeks ago, I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies. Today, Ive expanded that ban to people and companies that do business...
Congratulations to on the release of his new book, Firebrand Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution. Get your copy today!
Congratulations to on the release of her new book, DONT LIE TO ME which is now available. Get your copy today!
Governoris doing an incredible job for Missouri. He is Strong on Jobs, Law and Order, Life, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Mike!
Attorney Generalis doing a terrific job in Missouri! He supports our Law Enforcement, fights Human Trafficking, and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights. Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Eric!
David Richter will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator, will protect our Seniors and Healthcare, and supports our Law Enforcement and David has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states, including NC, GA, WI, MN, MI, NH VA.Early voting is now underway in MN, MI VA.FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday.Apply for yours in FL today
Our wonderful General blew up Scarboroughs FAKE two year narrative. Thank you General H.R. McMaster. Look forward to reading your book, Battlegrounds The Fight to Defend the Free World.
Great news. It will show how incompetent she is!
I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday, at the White House! Exact time TBA.
The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!
Nissan is rolling out its 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!
We are!
Just returned to the after a GREAT evening in OHIO!
THANK YOU
I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 43 days from now, we are going to win Ohio, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Secure your vote, here
THANK YOU OHIO!
On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO. See everyone soon!
I agree 100.
Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW. Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE SECURE! Request your absentee ballot today, here
Attention MICHIGAN! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out. Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar. Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here
Heading to the Great State of OHIO, will be there soon!
THANK YOU!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court. This would be a FIRST, even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres.
The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever. On sale tomorrow. A great book by an even greater author. Make Lou NUMBER ONE! Much better than the boring, no new info., Woodward book. Besides, Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob, by a lot!
Will be interviewed on at 800 A.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!
People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag. Ratings will only get worse! Didnt we go through this once before?
I gave no choice!
Vote!
Vote!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW ORDER!
A giant SCAM, and the Dems know it!
Thank you!
Fake News!
Great!
What a GREAT GUY. A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans!!! Thank you.
Jim, to late to take it back. Stay with the truth, no pandering!
So great for the World!
No thanks!
Buy Lous GREAT New Book!
...And 96 in the Republican Party. Save your 2nd Amendment!
VIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100 SAFE. If not, it is GONE!
Winning Big. Next year, if Im re-elected, will be our best year ever! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare. Depression!
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
. We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!
Thank you Harry!
Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico. We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands.
Today, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system. My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA the largest obligations of funding ever awarded...
...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins its just that simple!
Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash...
Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!
Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun, and Absentee Ballots information below are now being sent out. Wish I could vote there, but Ill have to rely on you!
On my way to the Great State of Minnesota. See you soon!
Happy
...Sleepy Joe doesnt have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!
Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing...
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Jason Lewis will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment
Congressman Jim Hagedorn is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Tyler Kistner will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota. A Marine Special Forces Veteran, he is Strong on National Security, the Economy, Law Enforcement our America First agenda. Tyler has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Michelle is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime Borders, Cutting Taxes, your Loves our Military, Vets, will stand w our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Congressman fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Bob Good will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia! He is strong on the Economy, Law Enforcement, Life and our brave Military Vets, and he will always protect your Second Amendment. Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Nick Freitas will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia. A Green Beret Combat Veteran, he is Strong on the Military Vets, the Economy, Healthcare, and the Second Amendment. Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
THANK YOU!
Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...Im playing for your guns, and Im playing for your values. For all the Federal Employees in Virginia, remember, it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises, not Sleepy Joe Biden. Ill be having a Big Rally in Virginia, to be announced soon!
Voting starts in Virginia TODAY, and we are going to WIN. You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns, which he will do without me in office. He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isnt late-term abortion, this is a step way beyond! Vote for me...
Happy Birthday to our GREAT
On National POWMIA Recognition Day, The and I honor the men women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans.
Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldnt Shoot Straight. He didnt have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!
Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now hes throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!
Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Cant let that happen!
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!
...China as a positive development for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world not America.
No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of...
Never forget, they are coming after ME, because I am fighting for YOU!
Joe Biden called police The Enemy, and vilified them as a racist, oppressive force. The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger.
...dollar tax hike, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies.
At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, two agendas for the future. On November 3rd, Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperityor whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion...
...to America NOT CHINA. Because if we win, AMERICA WINS. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again!
If Biden Wins, CHINA WINS. If Biden Wins, the mob WINS. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, arsonists, and flag-burners WIN. I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs...
I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 47 days from now, we are going to win Wisconsin, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House!
But Chris, you dont see any activity from China, even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia, Russia, Russia. They will both, plus others, be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited Counterfeit? Ballot Scam. Check it out!
...And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS THUGS who are protected because the ComeyMueller inspired FBI is simply unable, or unwilling, to find their funding source, and allows them to get away with murder. LAW ORDER!
On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joes ridiculous car press conference. Pathetic!
Bob Woodwards badly written book is very boring totally obsolete. Didnt even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who cant stand that I have done so much, so quickly!
Happy
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!
I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India, Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend!
Want to register to vote? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link. My campaign has made it incredibly easy!
Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. Theyll be put on socialized medicine!
Just out Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!
Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon!
I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!
Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!
...Importantly, we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision. Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania, Nevada, and elsewhere!
State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal. We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony. In other words, the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam...
...egregious behavior, which is just the way they want it. This was not a mistake, it was done illegally and on purpose. We want Mike!
The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan, purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military, putting the wrong names on the Ballot, and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President Everybody is totally confused by their...
Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They dont care about the people, never did!
Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!
I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon.
There is a group of people largely Radical Left Democrats that want ELECTION MAYHEM. States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots. Also, a GIFT to foreign interference into our election!!! Stop it now, before it is too late.
The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots absentee are OK.
Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to voters, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness!
Dont worry, wonderful beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!
Moving up News Conference to 515. Enjoy!
News Conference at 545. Enjoy!
New Conference at 545. Enjoy!
Jim, you didnt make a mistake. Its true, and thats why you said it. No pandering!
Democrats are heartless. They dont want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China. Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway one way or another!.
Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!
Thank you for the great reviews of the News show last night!
Great News BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK. All teams to participate. Thank you to the players, coaches, parents, and all school representatives. Have a FANTASTIC SEASON! It is my great honor to have helped!!!
China is drooling. They cant believe this!
Cratered. We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem. I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago. The people will not put up with this again. Just not worth it, hard to watch!
What is this all about?
Great!
It is STOPPED!
Great to be back in Philadelphia. Thank you Pennsylvania, see you again soon!
Tonight at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
After decades of division and conflict, we mark the dawn of a new Middle East. Congratulations to the people of Israel, the people of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain. God Bless You All!
Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month!
HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East I am welcoming leaders from Israel, the United Arab Emirates, andthe Kingdom ofBahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible. MORE countries to follow!
We are advertising all over the place, but as much as we do, the Fake News likes to say we arent. Just being smart. We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016. Also spending on other, and different, elements of the campaign. Starting to get great poll numbers!
On Now! Enjoy!
My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders!
...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!
According to press reports, Iran may be planning an assassination, or other attack, against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani, which was carried out for his planning a future attack, murdering U.S. Troops, and the death suffering...
Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington D.C. soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain.
Did you see where Joe Biden as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware of course! to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!
...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots.
We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge...
We could all learn something from this. Great interview by
Just landed in the Great State of Arizona!
Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem. No thanks, tell them to protest some other time!
....And Michigan, and North Carolina. Next up, phony Ballot voting Hoax!
Great News, Mike!
Next up, the Ballot Hoax!
Congratulations Pennsylvania. Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam, which is so bad for our Country!
Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm of which Sleepy Joe has none!, that we are MUCH higher than 51. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesnt eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!
She should be ashamed of herself!
Today, it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California...
I didnt know there would be even a question about this!
ABCs Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533, Not Likely Voters, Asked Over 20 More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives via Total Fake Poll. ABC is just like the rest of them!
Our people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51. They like REVOLVER and others!
Great, Just Out! 51 Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95 in Republican Party. Stock Market up BIG today. Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy? Next year will be BIG!
A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go!
I am helping Minnesota greatly. OBiden was a Minnesota disaster!
His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election. Then he will resign, or whatever, and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted!
Pathetic!
Push it hard Marsha. DOJ must act. This should include Crooked Hillarys illegal deletion of her emails. SPEED!
...And were not finished yet. All coming together like a highly complex, but beautiful, puzzle!
No, riots and looting are just fine with Concast!
Hes BOTH!
DOJ?
I do!
Action must be taken!
Biden Handlers know this is a lie!
Chicagos Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection via
Beautiful evening in Henderson, Nevada with Great American Patriots. Thank you!
If you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty!
...to the families of crime victims and fallen officers. In the Republican Party, we know that police officers are not villains, but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 247365!
...replied Yes, Absolutely. Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons and Biden even called law enforcement the ENEMY. Bidens anti-police crusade must STOP. Furthermore, the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money...
For the entire summer, Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers. When Bidens far-left supporters set fire to police cars, precinct stations, and courthouses, Joe Biden called them PEACEFUL PROTESTORS. When asked if he would cut police funding, Biden...
Our thoughts are with the two Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles. We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery.
I was right, these people were all wrong, and now they criticize me. Such hypocrisy!
...and prices are coming down FAST! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen, further reducing prices.
Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at Americas expense are over...
Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That wont work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!
They just dont get it!
Actually falling very steadily and fast. Deaths and hospitalizations way down, and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World, by far. India second!
But people dont want to get mugged, beaten up, or killed. Let New Yorks Finest who proudly endorsed me! do their job. Rehire crime squad and fired police. They will bring safety back to NYC, FAST!!!
In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, supposedly outdated, stuff that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin?
I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars, and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics. Pocahontas ended his political career on first question, OVER! Save NYC instead.
If they die, fast trial death penalty for the killer. Only way to stop this!
Such an honor! Drudge is down 40 plus since he became Fake News. Most importantly, hes bleeding profusely, and is no longer hot. But others are! Lost ALL Trumpers.
Animals that must be hit hard!
I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada, to put violent criminals behind bars, and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICANOT China. If we win, AMERICA WINS! If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden Wins, the rioters, anarchists, and arsonists win. VOTE!
I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years!
...The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting America was never great. But we know the truth America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth, and our destiny is blessed by God!
Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Bidens convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words Under God from the Pledge of Allegiance twice...
THANK YOU NEVADA!
Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joes people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!
Just landed, see you soon Minden, Nevada. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
While I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to get lost. If youre a reporter covering Sleepy Joe, you have basically gone into retirement!
Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Dont worry, we wont be taking off Tuesday, either!
ON MY WAY SEE YOU SOON!
WOW THANK YOU!
Love it, thank you!
CONGRATULATIONS!
THANK YOU!
Thank you IDAHO!
Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump!
On my way, Nevada!
Fake Liberal Democrat Donors. Money laundering anyone?
Chicagos Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection via Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicagos FOP. I will never let you down!
Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl.. of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES!
Join me tomorrow night in Henderson, Nevada!
See you tonight Minden, Nevada. I am on my way!
All that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!
The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots Fraud!
Subject only to State approval, our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10 Pumps for the 15 BLEND. Thank you!
NORTH CAROLINA To make sure your Ballot COUNTS, sign send it in EARLY. When Polls open, go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED. IF NOT, VOTE! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted. Dont let them illegally take your vote away from you!
Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wifes political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin?
ALERT So now we find out that the entire Mueller hit squad illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them, all using the same really dumb reason for this accident, just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer, DELETING HER EMAILS!
....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!
Thank you!
Thank You Samantha. A Star Is Born!!!
Thank you Rachael. That is the best way to beat the Fake News!
Great!
A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY!
Really Sad!
What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean?
WOW! Do you believe this!?
THANK YOU to the 28,000 Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work. We are with them all the way!
Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!
Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!
Joint Statement of the United States, the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the State of Israel
In 2001, our Nation, united under God, made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3,000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th. On this sacred day Patriot Day we solemnly honor that commitment.
Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!
A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for ALL Americans. Instead of letting Washington change us, despite all that we have been through, we are changing Washington!
I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to Chinas rampant theft of Michigan jobs. Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. Joe Bidens Agenda is Made in China, my agenda is Made in the USA!
If Joe Biden is elected, far-left lunatics wont just be running failed Dem Citiesthey will be running the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Supreme Court. No city, town or suburb will be safe. On November 3rd, your vote will SAVE AMERICA!
...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!
On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperityor whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay...
When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!
Mary Miller will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois! She is Strong on the Border, Life, Low Taxes, and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment. Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina! He strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Yvette Herrell is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment. Strong on the Border and Trade, Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Jim Bognet will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime, and he is Strong on Jobs, our Military, Vets, and the Second Amendment. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado! A Rising Star, Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment, Jobs, Energy, Healthcare and our incredible Military Vets. Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida! A Successful Businesswoman, she strongly supports our Brave First Responders Law Enforcement, Life and the Second Amendment! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement
. will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement, School Choice, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment! Byron is a Rising Star! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 330 P.M. Eastern.
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 300 P.M. Eastern.
The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW ORDER at their National Convention. Thats where they are coming from. If I dont win, Americas Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, Friendly Protesters.
Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS SAFELY, NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child FAMILY. Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldnt!
Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didnt he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didnt he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!
New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump. We will win!
Obama is lucky he ran against a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!
Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who arent even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at whats going on right now!
Comey is a disgraced lier leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.
Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!
Now is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain Trump. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!
One of the WORST governors in the USA. Caused 11,000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence. At least he said I did a phenomenal job. But he didnt!!!
Governor Cuomo has completely lost control. Sad!
Your mother is GREAT!
No, Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was perfect, but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly, way off. Why didnt Vindman say so? Thats why Shifty didnt want the whistleblower to testify. A big scam!
New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25 capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!
Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!
You dont want to miss segment with Thank you!
LETS BRING THEM HOME!
Thank you
Great job you really get it!
Thank you
Will be interviewed by on - NOW!
For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazines MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!
Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. Its because Biden supports Bookers bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs...
...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!
These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES, not made up lies by the enemy. THANK YOU and God Bless You All!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it...
...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!
On top of a lie made up by a low-life reporter, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true...
The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster and I let him know it!, is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesnt have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan...
...Ill take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINOS. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder theyre friends!
Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clementes life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality. He was one of my all-time favorite players Roberto had everything!
I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justicesat 330P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House.
Congratulations
Congratulations Matt
The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
Thank you Mark!
Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord via
Thank you!
We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!
Great book!
Wow!
Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310,000 via Great!
A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Bidens failing campaign. Thanks Zach!
Donald Trump If Biden Wins, China Wins. Its as Simple as That via Would be a disaster for the USA!
Thank you Winston-Salem, North Carolina!
Great new book by Sarah!
Great new book out today, Speaking for Myself Faith, Freedom, and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House by Sanders. Make sure you get your copy today!
. will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, and on the Great Ratings!
Just landed in North Carolina, thank you!
Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!
Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!
Just left Florida, see everyone tonight in North Carolina!
Thank you Jupiter, Florida!
Democrats and Sleepy Joes Peaceful Protestors!
Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obamas radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!
Democrats admit that President Trumps message is working on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!
On my way to the Great State of Florida, see you soon!
They are not peaceful protesters, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!
....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!
Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it China Ban, etc.. We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016....
Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is coming to the Suburbs, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!
My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - are up in polls. Lots of $s ENERGY!
The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history!
The wonderful Charles Payne of just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and Making Money. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!
New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor Mayor are destroying the place!
True!
Based on their bad ratings, so would many!
Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now youll be able to see what is going on up there. He may do some limited campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!
If Bidens Polling wasnt going down, and fast, he wouldnt be going to Pittsburgh.
Fredos got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters. Reveals how deranged sick they all are!
Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up, but take down RepublicanConservative pictures and statements that are true? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230, immediately. Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you!
Thank you Natalie!
Thank you!
Same guy that didnt want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced. Fake News!
Rigged Election!
Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesnt want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Lefts Election chances!
Thank you Boris, working great together!
Great!
Thanks Curt. Great pitcher!!!
....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, wont even talk about it. They wont utter the words, LAW ORDER!
BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!
The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!
This guy is given the answer to questions, which he reads from his teleprompter. Is Donna involved in this scam? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this. The media will never report this scam FAKE candidate. Sad!
Winners All!
Congratulations Erica. Fantastic WIN!
Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner
Get Out and Vote for Matt
Great job Erin. Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax!
The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesnt have a clue, and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers. He is so bad for the USA!
. IS FAKE NEWS, and all smart people know that!
Congratulations to Dustin Johnson on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!
Exclusive Zach Fuentes, Top Aide to John Kelly, Denies Atlantic Story About Trump via Thanks Zach. Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important, ever, Election!
Biggest Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!
Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed love letters from Kim Jong Un as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!
Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. Im which case, CRASH!!!
Rochester N.Y., Brooklyn N.Y., Portland - All had bad nights, all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors! Get the picture?
10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!
Biden Underperforming! What else is new, the story of his life.
Gordon Chang China Seems to Be Favoring Joe Biden in Presidential Election via Of course they want Biden. I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and U.S. Treasury. China would own the U.S. if Biden Hunter got in!
Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 100 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!
Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus China Virus, especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world. Now the Vaccines Plus are coming, and fast!
A so-called peaceful protest!
Thank you!
A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats, their partner, the Fake News Media, Big Tech. They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before, even beyond the 2016 Campaign. It imperils our Country, and must stop now. Victory 2020!
Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!
Lunacy!
These are the Democrats peaceful protests. Sick!
Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors ridiculous lack of interest or political support. They will play without them?
The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But gets it!
Department of Education is looking at this. If so, they will not be funded!
The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night. This is what they want. WE WILL WIN!
Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man Goldberg and spews FAKE NEWS HATE. Call her, write her, let her know how you feel!!!
....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and wont even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!
....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache. Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION, Kimberly will..
Be smart Baltimore! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats, gotten nothing but poverty crime. It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS. She brings with her the power ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. She works sooo hard....
Wish I could join you, but totally focused on November 3rd. Thank you!
Congratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in Portland. LAW ORDER!
Nancy Pelosi said she got set up by the owner a very good one of a beauty parlor. If so, how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, or Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Not so well, I suspect, but far better than Joe Hiden would do!
Thank you!
Great job one of a kind!
Not any more!
....This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud. So many other scams also. The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS, they will do or say anything to win. But they wont, we will WIN, have four great years!
You work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball reporter, maybe working with disgruntled people, makes up such a horrible charge..
Letters from so many coaches, athletes and others pushed hard for this. I agree, has done so much for so many!
Trump Orders Purge of Critical Race Theory from Federal Agencies via This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue. Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish!
So true!
Nice flag!
Thank you Mark!
Thank you to our wonderful First Lady!
First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back The Atlantic Story Is Not True via
Pollak The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantics Anonymous Attack on Trump via Fake writer Goldberg is considered the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House.
Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220,000 on GoFundMe via Great!!!
Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm Most Salacious Part of Atlantic Story via All refuted by many witnesses. Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting. Never even called us for comment. is gone!
Exclusive Nearly 700 U.S. Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump via Thank you! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election, and as my poll numbers rocket up, the attacks get more and more vicious. I love our HEROES!
The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!
THANK YOU!
A GREAT HONOR, THANK YOU!
Another great day for peace with Middle East Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!
Congratulations to Vucic for announcing the move of Serbias Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!
...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!
Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to Vucic of Serbia and PM Hoti of Kosovo on committing to This is a major step forward...
The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!
Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4 Wow, much better than expected!. Broke the 10 level faster and deeper than thought possible.
Why arent the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron Jay Danielson. Do your job, and do it fast. Everybody knows who this thug is. No wonder Portland is going to hell!
..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, I did so without hesitation or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called..
I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our....
....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!
THANK YOU LATROBE, PENNSYLVANIA!
Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on and at 645 P.M. Enjoy!
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!
Thank you!!!
Joe Hiden gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned mans hand like in the old days, then touches his Joes face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law Order!
Joe Hiden get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned mans hand like in the old days, then touches his Joes face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law Order!
Im going to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, the home of the late, great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him. I got to know Arnold well, played golf with him, and miss him. See you tonight in Latrobe!
...To the leaders of Iran, I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young mans life, and not execute him. Thank you!
Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the countrys worsening economic situation and inflation...
Nancy Pelosi says she got set up by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was set up by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened and didnt wear a MASK!. Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?
Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!
. Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!
....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasnt been lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
.....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated Counted. If it has you will not be able to Vote the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE which is a citizens right to do. If your Mail In Ballot arrives....
Based on the massive number of Unsolicited Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS IS COUNTED, SIGN MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,..
. should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!
Sleepy Joe Hiden was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation, H1N1 Swine Flu. The OBiden Administration failed badly on this, now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus. DOING GREAT JOB!
Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!
Thank you Michele!
My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. Were putting them on notice today.
Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called friendly protesters. The Anarchists, Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY, even though he is so nice and respectful to them. Criminals only understand strength!
The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your PresidentWith Joe Hiden it would crash
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
Can you believe whats happening!? They give Joe Hiden the questions, and he reads them an answer!
Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina. See you soon!
When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts, by a lot, it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone. Joe Hiden will never be able to hold them back. Life, 2nd A, Energy, Religion, Jobs and the Economy, would be totally obliterated!
Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!
2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
We had FAR more people many millions watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what were up against. Lies. But we will WIN!
The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi. Turning her in, on tape, is a really big deal. She probably treats him like she treats everyone else...And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in, of all places, Massachusetts!
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. Hes back in his basement now - no schedule!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost certainly take back the House, and send Nancy packing!
Seriously, is this what our great USA wants as its leader?
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. Hes back in his basement now - no schedule!
Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldnt know where to begin - a bad record!
Rigged Election?
The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope. Will be the most corrupt election in history, by far!
Some things just dont get any crazier. Just call me Kate, problem over!
This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party. We will win on November 3rd, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
See, even a Kennedy isnt safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party. Taxes up big, no 2A. Biden has completely lost control. Pelosi strongly backed the loser!
We catch them all!
Like Fredo at Fake News the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words Muslim Terrorists. Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC. Anyone else would be gone, and fast!!!
Will Fredo be fired by Fake News He speaks with great disrespect about women, and it will only get worse. Fredos Ratings are bad, so this is the time. Always terrible to speak to sleazebags, especially when you are being recorded. CNN has no choice, Fredo must go!
Mike Pence was never put on standby, there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. Short visit, then returned with press to W.H...
Kenosha, Wisconsin, were with you all the way!
Great honor, but think we are much higher than 46. Hidden vote!
There has not. They are the Enemy of the People. TDS!
Not even a minor one. Thank you!
True!
Drudge didnt support me in 2016, and I hear he doesnt support me now. Maybe thats why he is doing poorly. His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect. Possibly thinking about himself, or the other partys candidate.
I was saddened to learn of the passing of Indias former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader.
Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately starting up Big Ten football. Would be good great! for everyone - Players, Fans, Country. On the one yard line!
Heading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!
It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party!
Good luck to Sean Compton, a winner at everything he does!
People are tired of watching the highly political Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they wont be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!
Biden will also raise your taxes like never before. Sad!
Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military Vets. She has my Complete Total Endorsement!
My son, Donald, just wrote a really important new book, Liberal Privilege, talking, with great knowledge, of our world today. Lets make him a number one bestseller, again!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 1000 P.M. on Enjoy!
Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham tonight at 1000 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
Just watched what Biden had to say. To me, hes blaming the Police far more than hes blaming the Rioters, Anarchists, Agitators, and Looters, which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports!
LAW ORDER!
The Radical Left Mayors Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their Movement. It wasnt supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists Agitators got carried away and dont listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
Ive been getting really good polls, some over 50, except for one Fake Poll done by NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!
Portland is a mess, and it has been for many years. If this joke of a mayor doesnt clean it up, we will go in and do it for them!
If I didnt INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN Crime Infested Democrat Cities States? Remember, he cant lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!
....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is toast, and many will vote for me because of TRADE Bernie was good on trade. Joe MUST always be weak on crime!
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, then back to his basement for an extended period...
Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers. Dont worry, hell go back to basement soon!
Rest In Peace Jay!
A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor!!!
The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
..The people of Portland, like all other cities parts of our great Country, want Law Order. The Radical Left Democrat Mayors, like the dummy running Portland, or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime, will never be able to do it!
Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland, who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure, thinks this lawless situation should go on forever. Wrong! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor....
....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasnt seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. Courthouse, because he couldnt do it....
LAW ORDER!!!
. on this morning.
Moving along nicely. MAGA!
Michael knows!!!
Their minds are gone!!!
. should arrest these agitators and thugs!Clean up D.C. or the Federal Government will do it for you. Enough!!!
The National Guard is Ready, Willing and Able. All the Governor has to do is call!
Tone down the language, but TRUE!
This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet!
Thank you Lisa. Well stated!!!
Thank you. We will not let them down!
Play Football Big Ten!
GREAT PATRIOTS!
Disgraceful Anarchists. We are watching them closely, but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems!
Democrat Leadership has no clue. Request help now....Problem Over!!!
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are supported by $FOOLS!
Wheeler is incompetent, much like Sleepy Joe Biden. This is not what our great Country wants. They want Safety Security, and do NOT want to Defund our Police!
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Portland, and other Democrat run cities, are disgusted with Schumer, Pelosi, and thier local leaders. They want Law Order!
The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing. The people of Portland wont put up with no safety any longer.The Mayor is a FOOL. Bring in the National Guard!
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word phenomenal. The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
U.S. planning to cut military presence in Iraq -
The thugs who accosted Senator and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
Just returned to Washington from Louisiana Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!
Probably Shifty Schiff, but others also, LEAK information to the Fake News. No matter what or who it is about, including China, these deranged lowlifes like the Russia, Russia, Russia narrative. Plays better for them. doing a great job!
Watch Mark Levin NOW on Topic Mail-In Voting!
Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota Thank you so much. I will never let you down!
Now that Bidens Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin,in ten days. Sadly, that is a very slow reaction time for a President. Our beloved USA needs a much faster, smarter, and tougher response than that. Get out there today, Joe!
....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!
..Even whether its dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind caring grandfather!
About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad stuff as possible, much of which is lies. Its like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that President Trump is great. You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!
I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure. We opened it up again, proudly. Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem. It worked, and quickly!!!
Steve has my Complete and Total support. HE IS GREAT!
Texas loves John!
Esther is GREAT!
Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement. We need Dan in Washington!
Bill is GREAT!
Another Democrat run city. They are a real mess!
The Fake News doesnt want to report these numbers. The and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out. Too bad we dont have honest reporting when it comes to Trump. Phony sources, they say anything and think they get away with it. November 3rd.
Great crowd, great people!
Thank you!
My Campaign, despite all of the Fake News, Fake Books, and pathetic reporting written about me and it, has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before, including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016!
Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie Con!, we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football PLAY! and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd.
The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor Thank you Ken!
Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. Thats the way it works, its all very simple. Portland, with a very ungifted mayor, should request help from the Federal Government. If lives are endangered, were going in!
Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!
How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?
Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!
If the incompetent Mayor of Portland, Ted Wheeler, doesnt get control of his city and stop the Anarchists, Agitators, Rioters and Looters, causing great danger to innocent people, we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago!
Leading in Michigan, leading in Minnesota, leading all over. Sorry!
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
Landing in New Hampshire!
No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems dont want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States.
Heading to New Hampshire!
Thank you!
Success Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
Succes Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha, Wisconsin, two days ago, there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE, not even a small problem. When legally asked to help by local authorities, the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed. Are you listening Portland?
Great Ratings Reviews Last Night. Thank you!
Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!
Democrats and Biden didnt even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called Peaceful Protesters at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in Portland. If they ask us, as they must do, we will end crime in their Democrat run cities, FAST!
The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!
We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance Portland should do the same!...
...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!
Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane. My Administration remains fully engaged with state local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Listen to local officials. We are with you!
Just In Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win the U.S. Election. If this happened which it wont, China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!
Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!
80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam!
...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators peaceful protestors. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request.
We again request Kate Brown the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor of Portland, to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago...
I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!
...More JOBS from Eastport, Cutler, Jonesport to Stonington, Friendship, and Casco Bay. I am proud to help the great people of Maine!
Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe! For first time in many years. GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada. Millions of $s more in EXPORTS...
For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent missing Ballots like never seen before. 20 and 30 off. STOP!
Very appreciative that covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!
THANK YOU
Thank you to for this evenings opening prayer.
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. Thats crazy! Were having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!
Exclusive Eyewitness Says as Many as 20,000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary via
GOD BLESS THE USA!
All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!
Incredible that MSDNC arent covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Party is up against. Also, Id like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States, rather than anchors. Ridiculous!
Continued...
Please watch highly respected Dr. Harvey Risch of Yale, on Hydroxychloroquine.
The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen. This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign!
Watch Mark Levin, on air now. Great!
Actually, I think Im leading in the Polls!
Chris Wallace forgot to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?
Next well turn to people of the Biden inner circle, said by Chris Wallace of after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
Important White House News Conference at 530 sharp today. Very good news!
Happy Sunday! We want GOD!
Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed UNDER GOD from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. Thats where theyre coming from!
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast!
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
Now theyre trying to deny this, but they cant!
. wrote a great new book, The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever. Strongly recommended...A special guy!
A Favored Nations Clause against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50, 60, maybe 70 reduction. No other President would do this!
Will be interviewed by on 900 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!
Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, I would shut it down, referring to our Country. He has no clue!
Terrible!
We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats. The Black Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd.
....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!
Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes, without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam....
In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you. But you never asked for it. Disaster in the wings!
Many doctors and studies disagree with this!
The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives!
Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime and they arent asking the Federal Government for help which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!
Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasnt. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-its done. Vote Nov 3!
Another bad night of Rioting in Portland, Oregon. A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only great job!. Wanting to be asked by City State to STOP THE RIOTS. Would bring in National Guard, end problem immediately. ASK!
Robert, I Love You. Rest In Peace!
In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51 Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
After the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 51 Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll. Thank you!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
To get into the Democrat National Convention, you must have an ID card with a picture...Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE! Gee, I wonder WHY???
They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who havent even requested a Ballot. Many of those people dont even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!
The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search find people, then harvest return Ballots. Not fair!
AMERICA FIRST!
I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety security, Joe allows CRIME!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU DONNA!
THANK YOU!
Thank you so much!
They would own our Country!
Its never a real Twitter Trending. Its Twitter Executives Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!
Sarah is correct. McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy, but the deadheads sabotaged his campaign from the inside, and never gave him a chance to win. Hope they were happy with OBiden, who gave you me!
My great honor!!!
BUT DIDNT SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDNT SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???
WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?
HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!
I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because theyve seen whats happened to the City under de Blasio and the State under - Theyre getting eaten up by taxes.
Welcome, Barack and Crooked Hillary. See you on the field of battle!
Will be having a Press Conference at 545 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Will he having a Press Conference at 545 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW during their Convention or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands!
Dont buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS. Get better tires for far less! This is what the Radical Left Democrats do. Two can play the same game, and we have to start playing it now!.
With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!
IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!
Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations. Daily Caller
Big win Matt!
She was a terrible A.G. Was she the leaker?
Great going Laura. You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet!
Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back, and fast. Dont blow it Baltimore, the Democrats have destroyed your city!
Great WIN Anna! Watched your race from beginning, very impressed. Your next opponent, Charlie Crist, is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime, our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment. You have my Complete Total Endorsement!
Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!
. and others in that business, should be charged by the U.S. Postal System much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to good health, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!
...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The BernieBidenAOC Green New Deal plan would take Californias failed policies to every American!
In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand...
The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states. New York City, Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER!
People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldnt be lecturing to us. Im here, as your President, because of them!
A horrible Governor. Crime is taking over NYC State, everyone is leaving. He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere, and must get tough. Cuomo killed 11,000 people in nursing homes alone. Crooked Incompetent!
John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio, ran for President and was easy to beat, and now went to the other side desperate for relevance. Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser!
Many thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know never heard of him, said he left is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real stiff. They will take anyone against us!
The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. Its called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!
Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, its really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!
....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back watch!
Somebody please explain to that Donald J. Trump would not be here, in the beautiful White House, if it werent for the job done by your husband, Barack Obama. Biden was merely an afterthought, a good reason for that very late unenthusiastic endorsement.....
Thank you. Will never let you down!
Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!
Cuomo, just like his brother Fredo, has not got a very good memory!
A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2.2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me. We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals heroes as long as I am your President. Thank you!
She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took. Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake!
Why would put on phony Congresswoman A total waste of airtime!
NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!
SAVE THE POST OFFICE!
Why is Congress scheduled to meet on Post Office next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!
Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!
Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!
Just approved and fast the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to and Governor Kim Reynolds.
Whats with POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time. Maybe they want to take over from
Getting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction. Should have been called up sooner by local government!
The U.S. Post Office System has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems dont have a clue!
Some states use drop boxes for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to collect the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!
Will be interviewed on this morning at 800 A.M. Enjoy!
Great going Jim. Proud of you!
Law and Order. If cant do it, we will!
Thank you Franklin!
Thank you James!
If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldnt be able to do that vote at polling place. Doctor Anthony Fauci
. is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News I strongly suggest turning your dial to They do a really Fair Balanced job!
Voter Scam!
The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late! Absentee Ballots, like they have in Florida, are good!
News Conference at 530 P.M. Enjoy!
If Obama did this, they would speak of nothing else. Biden could NEVER do it!
Thank you!
Would be terrible for our Country!
More Fake News!
Fake News!
Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus. More states to come!
So true, but we wont let that happen!
Wow!
The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess. Will maybe never know who won!
So terrible!
Very strange. Sleepy Joe never takes questions. Also, his reporters have zero drive. Why cant my reporters behave like that? Something is going on!
Thank you to the great Pat Lynch the I will never let you down!
We will bring safety to our cities. We will bring hope to our most distressed communities and in everything we do, we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT! Thank you to the for your endorsement. God Bless the and God Bless America!
Today, it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the for my entire life. New Yorks Finest are truly the best of the best I will NEVER let you down!
...Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the Steve, on the other hand, just received an A rating. Vote for Steve Daines. He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Senator is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana...
Senator is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act. Strong on our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment, Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement!
The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smarter and sharper than Slow Joe, we have even more ENTHUSIASM now, and has become politically correct and no longer the big deal!
I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President. I donate the entire $400,000! It is my honor to give $100,000 to to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments. So important to our American History! Thank You!!
Going up the East River Drive, and fast. THANK YOU NYPD! On November 3rd were bringing you back!
Just landed in New York to see my brother, Robert. Were going for New York on November 3rd. Were going to Reduce Taxes, Increase Law Enforcement, and bring it back BIG TIME!
I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
Great News!
I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I am ready to have and send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
I have directed to get ready to send direct payments $3,400 for family of four to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!
I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of womens voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY...
Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC...
...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately Ive been getting lots of GREAT books!
Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd. I am going to bring our beloved New York back!
Fake News will never change!
Today, we honor the brave Native AmericanFirst Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in Americas victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!
Thank you Debbie!
Thank you!
It was showing signs of future problems, but was so good when I left 4 years ago!
Thank you James. Sadly, you are 100 correct!!!
. really produces for Alaska. He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it. Strong on Public Lands, Energy, and our Second Amendment. He will never let you down, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
...She will be a great Senator, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment...
The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President. Our Country would COLLAPSE!
Great National Champions, thank you Coach O!
HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!
Joint Statement of the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates
Drug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False advertising!
The Fake News Media is giving a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!
Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNCs Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to on dominating the mornings thank you President Trump!.
I will be interviewed by on this morning at 730. A.M. Enjoy!
I am sending $15M from to beautiful North Dakota! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide. Congratulations!
Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14.9M in federal infrastructure funds from Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state!
Honored to send $25.9 MILLION in funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements. Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit!
Big news for Wisconsin! is awarding $7.7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County!
Good news for Florida! Im awarding $27.8M from in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando, Jacksonville, Ft. MyersNaples, St. Petersburg, and Tampa. Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida!
Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta must keep people moving safely!
Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan! I am awarding $27.8M in federal funding through to improve bus service statewide. SO important for transit in this great state!
Sending $8.3M in funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville, Fayetteville, and Chapel Hill. Glad to support bus service in these areas!
New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to support and keep the people of Nashua moving!
Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!
BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from will be awarded to and for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!
$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in funding for Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely.
Im awarding $14.7M in funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely!
Happy to send $18 MILLION in funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service. Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region!
Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! Im sending $13.6M from in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!
Happy to announce that is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama.
Big news, Oklahoma! Im proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13.7 million from for bus improvements across the state. SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely.
Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in An early supporter of ours, Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia!
Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent. Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER!
Watched last week for the first time in a long time. Hes totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!
The suburban housewife will be voting for me. They want safety are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood. Biden would reinstall it, in a bigger form, with Corey Booker in charge!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, leading in most swing states!
. started strong in the Democrat Primaries, and finished weak, ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support. Thats the kind of opponent everyone dreams of!
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County, New Mexico, for joining my call with our Nations sheriffs. Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe great comments on Operation Legend!
Will be interviewed tonight on at 900 P.M.
News Conference at 530 P.M. Enjoy!
Big Stock Market Numbers!
More Testing, which is a good thing we have the most in the world, equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
John Bolton, one of the dumbest people Ive met in government and sadly, Ive met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from....
..so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey, proven liar James Clapper, perhaps the lowest of them all, Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA, you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace!
Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations, Madeleine Westerhout, entitled Off the Record. When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me, its really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what....
....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times. So many good stories by someone who, unlike most other so called writers, was actually there, and a part of the action - of which there was plenty. Go buy this book, a job well done!
White House News Conference today at 530 P.M. Enjoy!
Play College Football!
...Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so. Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Jason Lewis will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment
My friend, Congressman is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement National Guard, fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota! A former professional hockey player, Pete knows how to win. He stands for Law Enforcement, Small Business and our Vets. Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jim Hagedorn is an incredible advocate for Minnesota! He fights for our Farmers, Vets and Small Businesses, and he strongly defends your Second Amendment! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congratulations on your big primary win, Governor You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Vote for Michelle a real winner!
CONGRATS to General Dynamics Bath Iron Works Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike. GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers. Super boost for Maine Economy. Glad to have helped. Ive done a lot for Maine!
The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled.
We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention Thursday, to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!
Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders!
Portland, which is out of control, should finally, after almost 3 months, bring in the National Guard. The Mayor and Governor are putting peoples lives at risk. They will be held responsible. The Guard is ready to act immediately. The Courthouse is secured by Homeland!
RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska, has, now that hes got it Thank you President T, gone rogue, again. This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems!
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isnt it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were hardliners, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
. who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration, before being fired for, again, making a fool of himself. Anthony is a loser who begged to come back. I said No Thanks.
This is Fake News by the failing bad ratings Never suggested it although, based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 12 years, perhaps more than any other Presidency, sounds like a good idea to me!
Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!
Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401ks, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH!
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to and They love our Country and they love their Great States. Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. They have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way...
...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other parts of the world. Everyone wants to help!
Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects, but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut, Lebanon...
Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!
Great Jobs Numbers!
After yesterdays statement, Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote!
This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history. Hopefully, for the good of our Country, it is coming soon!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote. This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery!
I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 MAGA is stronger than ever before!
Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesnt have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!
Joe Biden Unlike the African American Community ... the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community via Wow! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community. What a dumb thing to say!
Just departed for the Great State of Ohio!
Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio, Ive notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut, Eviction Protections, Unemployment Extensions, and Student Loan Repayment Options.
How can voters be sending in Ballots starting, in some cases, one month before the First Presidential Debate. Move the First Debate up. A debate, to me, is a Public Service. Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People!
Two wonderful people!
Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey and others from her high position in the Department of Justice. The political Crime of the Century, and she had no idea what they were doing?
A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great on having the Number One Book on the Planet, Live Free Or Die. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!
Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles. Matt Walsh
Congressman Scott DesJarlais has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest supporters, he fights for our Military, Vets, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
BIG NEWS! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding. ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign, both before and after the election. Treason!
Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!
Sally Yates has zero credibility. She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century, and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation? Ask her under oath. Republicans should start playing the Democrats game!
. has no sources on the Task Force. Their sources are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter!
Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
NASA was Closed Dead until I got it going again. Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet...And we have Space Force to go along with it. We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 12 years. Sorry, but it all doesnt happen with Sleepy Joe!
For those that thought I wasnt into the Environment, this is the biggest bill ever passed, by far. I wonder if this will silence the Fake News? Probably not!
A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent. Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Will be a Big Win on November 3rd. This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted!
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in Americas Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!
Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office. Stay informed at
THE WALL STREET JOURNALTrump Wins in PortlandSomething big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the citys federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened? William McGurn
I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation.
Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve Americas majestic natural wonders, priceless historic treasures, grand national monuments, and glorious national parks. It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law!
Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Floridas Voting system has been cleaned up we defeated Democrats attempts at change, so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot Vote by Mail!
Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Dont fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!
Happy 230th Birthday
People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!
OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!
My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger by far than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401ks, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait hit us. Pathetic!
Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe doing great, leading all others by far. not a factor!!!
My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger by far than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50 in new Rasmussen Poll higher than Obama at this point in time. Thank you!
Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!
FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
With the exception of New York a few other locations, weve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA me look as bad as possible!
In an illegal late night coup, Nevadas clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state. Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation. Using Covid to steal the state. See you in Court!
....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!
Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 911 atrocities. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost....
Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!
Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!
When you see the Drug Companies taking massive television ads against me, forget what they say which is false, YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!
Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesnt report this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon!
Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden who never leaves his basement, are strongly against Oil, Gas, Guns, God. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!
Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, North Carolina. Will fight for Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, Lower Taxes Regulations. He is a winner who has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Thats because it is mostly FAKE NEWS!
Hunter - Meadow is proud of you. So am I. Congratulations!
I love Colorado!
This is outrageous. Must be met with immediate litigation!
Death penalty! He killed and badly wounded many. Justice!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer is doing a terrific job for Missouri! As a Small Businessman, he helped us Lower your Taxes, Strengthen our Military, and Defend your Second Amendment. Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler works hard for the people of Missouri! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets, protects American Farmers, and fights for Life. Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri! He fights for American Energy Independence, defends your Second Amendment, and hell help us rebuild our nations Infrastructure. Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Billy Long fully supports our America First agenda! He strongly supports our WALL, protects our Vets, and defends Life and your Second Amendment. Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Dan Newhouse is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement, and he works hard to preserve your States beautiful Public Lands. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Cathy McMorris Rodgers has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State! She supports our Military and Vets, and protects your States incredible Natural Resources. Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jason Smith is a conservative warrior for Missouri! He helped us Cut your Taxes, Build the Wall, and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Dale Crafts will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine! An experienced businessman, Dale knows how to Create Jobs. He loves our Vets and Military, and he will always defend your Second Amendment. Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Big flare ups in Europe. Fake News USA doesnt like talking about this!
Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars. Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401ks will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!
Very excited to see long awaited new book, Live Free or Die America and the World on the Brink which will be released on Tuesday, August 4th. Sean is a Great American Patriot. Make sure to get your copy today!
A great new book, Defender in Chief Donald Trumps Fight for Presidential Power, written by celebrated constitutional scholar, John Yoo, is now available. Thanks so much John greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom!
I actually agree with this. Too much income disparity. Changes must be made, and soon!
Peggy Noonan, a Concast MSDNC puppet, doesnt have a clue, and hasnt for many years. Never got the Trump thing. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!
Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!
Jake, this wasnt a Trump Rally, but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement of Florida who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT. No Defund the Police here. Best Wishes!
Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard smart. We will come back STRONG!
Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!
Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now hes working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!
We have more Cases because we do more Testing. Its Lamestream Media Gold!
We beat Obama 4 years ago, he worked harder than Crooked Hillary, and well do it again!
Im with you all the way, thank you!
I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Floridaand honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs, THANK YOU!
The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 family of four checks that were ready to be sent out!
Very disappointed in for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
Pelosi Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, its the fault of China!
Pelosi Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
. an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever Japan, is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We just got 50 in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernies people love me on Trade!
Great job by Jim Jordan, and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci. Big progress being made!
.....Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!
Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesnt have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES..
Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas. Hes one of the greatest football players ever A strong man and a really good person. Great being with you Mike!
My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If youve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!
As the Wall goes up, illegal crossings go down. This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border. We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August!
We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG!
Must know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!
Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!.
...the phone with his amazing wife Gloria, daughter, Melanie, and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family. Melania and I loved Herman Cain, a great man. Herman, Rest In Peace!
My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...
Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island N.Y.. Great Pizza!!!
Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma Drug Companies are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!
Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isnt doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists Agitators in Portland. If she cant do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!
With Universal Mail-In Voting not Absentee Voting, which is good, 2020 will be the most INACCURATE FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???
Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesnt want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!!
Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, theres no accurate count!
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. Whats that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2 fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station!
New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!
. reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox possibly on purpose!.
Great to be in Texas!
...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement Homeland didnt go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...
Just landed in the Great State of Texas!
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and theyre NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50 and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did...
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood...
If Congress doesnt bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. Im designating over $4.8 million from to reconstruct the airports taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!
I am in flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
BIG bucks are on their way to Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!
I am designating $18.9 million from to MANY airports in Ohio, including and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!
Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to from for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the States economy!
I am designating $18.77M from for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!
Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from Im designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!
LAW ORDER!
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help, by the very smart and witty is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!
Great going to a very talented group!
Vote these people out. They are CRAZY!
....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50 REDUCTION in prices, at least, Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH. They are Anarchists with miles of tape showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!
The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle protesters as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists Agitators who our great men women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who...
....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So disgusting to watch Twitters so-called Trending, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!
Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Dont do it!
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldnt last a day!
Rigged Election, and EVERYONE knows it!
Where is JUSTICE?
Wow!
He is, and people are not happy about it. The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon. Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse!
Nice!
We do more testing than any country in the World, by far, over 55 million tests. Fake News says we should do more testing. But even if we did 100 times more, they would then say it is still not enough. They are totally discredited, just want Sleepy Joe to win in November!
The protesters are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent mothers were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they dont report the violence of these demonstrations!
The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people wont even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20 of vote was corrupted!
Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I wont be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!
The Lamestream Media, including which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!
There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!
So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation, and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox, which has been terrible. We will win anyway, even with the phony suppression polls which have been seriously wrong for 5 years!
The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls Fake News will not save the Radical Left.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown SF in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!
Brett LOVES Wisconsin, Mississippi and Minnesota. A good golfer - hits it LONG!
This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party Lamestream Media covers everything up - especially the corruption. The ObamaBiden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!
Thank you Jon!
My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii Hurricane Hanna, which has now made landfall in Texas. We continue to coordinate closely with both states listen to your emergency management officials to protect your family property!
One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for most live television, and he did it well. Regis, we love you....
....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!
Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!
The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!
Wow!
Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....
...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!
Congratulations Jim. It was a great and beautiful event. Well deserved!
Wow. Win in 2020!!!
So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Congratulations
I spoke to highly respected Chairman Senator who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars and more!. Like me, Jim is not a believer in Cancel Culture.
Great job by in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!
The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 1100 A.M.
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. on Enjoy!!!
WELCOME BACK BASEBALL!
White House Press Conference at 515 P.M. Live!
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article. Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream. I will preserve it, and make it even better!
Obama, who wouldnt even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries and even then waited a long time!, is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldnt even be here if it werent for them. I wouldnt be President. They did a terrible job!
The Democrats have stated strongly that they wont approve a Payroll Tax Cut too bad!. It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didnt want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!
Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed shouted out of existence by the agitators anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!
We did great things, but it doesnt matter to the Dems!
John Bolton is, with the exception of Hillary, by far the worst offender of them all!
Great, but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success?
Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!
I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers. Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader, alongside his brother Medgar, for Civil Rights.
We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks and for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!
Mail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nations History!
Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!
In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place. Judge Andrew Napolitano
You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!
Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!
Looking forward to live sports, but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem, a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag, the game is over for me!
Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!
We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you cant socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President!
Congratulations Allen, great job!
So we catch Obama Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!
The Radical Left Democrats, who totally control Biden, will destroy our Country as we know it. Unimaginably bad things would happen to America. Look at Portland, where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy. We sent in help. Look at New York, Chicago, Philadelphia. NO!
We are trying to help Portland, not hurt it. Their leadership has, for months, lost control of the anarchists and agitators. They are missing in action. We must protect Federal property, AND OUR PEOPLE. These were not merely protesters, these are the real deal!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m
Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family.
Great job Tammy!
Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, thats what he wants to do. It would destroy America!
....Tax Returns. Shes a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!
....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents who couldnt stand her! and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my....
I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law he released massive amounts of Classified Information and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which
I am proud to announce $2 million for the in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!
In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, is releasing an additional $25 million in funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry support.
THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the for once again entrusting me with your FULL COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! As long as I am President, I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment, and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights, your Guns, or your Police!
Another one of many Fake T.V. Ads, this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority, which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE. Not run by the U.S., but I have long been fighting that crazy salary its polices. Strange ad paid for ? by U.S. Tech Workers.
THANK YOU and their 241,000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue, and never let you down. LAW AND ORDER will prevail!
...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!
...campaign. Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win, and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together. This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast, the economy is getting better, vaccines and therapeutics will soon...
I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the...
. . .
Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests. The execution is expected momentarily. Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done!
Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Bidens America!
The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools, punishing students for their zip codes. No one will be SAFE in Joe Bidens America!
Wow. The is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!
Great News on Vaccines!
96 Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. Thank you!
88 and 2 really 1 in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D.
. is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!
Has anybody seen or reviewed the written pact between Bernie Sanders Sleepy Joe. It is further left than even Bernie had in mind. Open Borders, crime, really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America. Joe never told us this. Never been so CLEAR!!!
Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done. That is the understatement of the year!!!
Congratulations to on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!
A GREAT WIN!
Wow, just called! - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd.
Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing safety of kids by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You your children wont be SAFE in Bidens America, and neither will anyone else!
Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a fair and balanced way. We will win anyway, but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner!
LAW ORDER!
This is why we have so many cases for the media to constantly refer to!
The Economy is coming back fast!
Congratulations to my friend President of Poland on his historic re-election! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues, including defense, trade, energy, and telecommunications security!
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
The Silent Majority will reign!
So hard to watch anymore. They are working so hard against the people viewers that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!
Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.
Is this what you want for your President??? With no ratings, media will go down along with our great USA!
No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
Thank you to J.R. Majewski, a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign. Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors. We are making record progress on JOBS, etc. Big Silent Majority!!!
...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream President Trump is playing golf. Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a tiny bit of exercise. Not bad!
I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My exercise is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer....
We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!
I disagreed with doing this very small tiny section of wall, in a tricky area, by a private group which raised money by ads. It was only done to make me look bad, and perhsps it now doesnt even work. Should have been built like rest of Wall, 500 plus miles.
Do RINOS Pat Toomey Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild unchecked - lying leaking all the way? NO!
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally Ill-equipped to control the Radical Left, Crime, Cancel Culture, or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY?
What an INCREDIBLE opening by I will put it up later for everyone to see!
New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it!
Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We dont want him back in Washington!
Bring back Steele!!!
So cute!
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
That shouldnt be hard. Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people!
John, among others, should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia, Russia, Russia as Fake News. He was right. The journalists who got them were all WRONG. Take back the Pulitzers, which have become a JOKE!
This was just another phony hit job by the They had no source, they made it up. FAKE NEWS!
This man should be extradited, tried, and thrown into jail. A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary the DNC!
Congratulations to A.G. Barr. Law Order!
Congratulations to on a big night, as usual!
Joe Biden, a little out of it, lets face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country. Destroying your dreams and ending your life. Ned Ryan
I LOVE
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth, New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease. Stay safe, we will be there soon!
... andor Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status...
On my way to U.S. Southern Command in the Great State of Florida!
Dont throw the American story into the river, dont throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.
....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20 fraudulent ballots?
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1 not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you!
Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School, or On Campus, Learning. Not even close! Schools must be open in the Fall. If not open, why would the Federal Government give Funding? It wont!!!
The great has a very important new book coming out shortly. The Trump Century, How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever, looks like it will be a big bestseller. Make it Number 1 for Lou. Pre-Order now at A great honor, Lou!
President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96. Thank You!
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
...Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given...
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO JUSTICE, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 12 years!
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apart with everyone leaving, to give it a second, third and fourth try. Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given...
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 12 years!
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO JUSTICE, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPORTS on Comey McCabe, guilty as hell, nothing happens. Catch Obama Biden cold, nothing. A 3 year, $45,000,000 Mueller HOAX, failed - investigated everything....
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
Courts in the past have given broad deference. BUT NOT ME!
The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court, arguments to continue. This is all a political prosecution. I won the Mueller Witch Hunt, and others, and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York. Not fair to this Presidency or Administration!
PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!
We know what took place. We have already seen criminality. What is happening? Biggest political scandal of our time. You are 100 correct, Maria, it is a disgrace that nothing happens. Obama and Biden spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...BUT NOTHING!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
For the 1100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that havent done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPORTED!
THANK YOU!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!
Congratulations to Jeff on a Great Primary run, and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent!
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone except me! expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country. Shaping up for a good third quarter, and a great next year! NASDAQ at new record high, 401ks way up!!!!
I disagree with on their very tough expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!
In Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is important for the children families. May cut off funding if not open!
Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!
We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music!
COVID-19 China Virus Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S. A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality. The Washington Times Valerie Richardson. We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World. The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts, but they dont!
President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.
The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported, based on a large sampling, that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly. The Dems disparaged it for political reasons me!. Disgraceful. Act now
Wall is moving fast in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and California. Great numbers at the Southern Border. Dems want people to just flow in. They want very dangerous open Borders!
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39, and that we now have the lowest Fatality Mortality Rate in the World. They just cant stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39, and that we now have the lowest Fatality Mortality Rate in the World. They just cant stand that we are doing so well for our Country!
Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats dont want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the systems six hospitals, the study found 13 of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4 not treated with hydroxychloroquine.
Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 and without heart-related side-effects, according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System. In a large-scale retrospective analysis...
BREAKING NEWS The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the U.S. is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD! Also, Deaths in the U.S. are way down, a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height and, our Economy is coming back strong!.
Deaths from the China Virus are down 39, while our great testing program continues to lead the World, by FAR! Why isnt the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down? It is only because they are, indeed, FAKE NEWS!
They name teams out of STRENGTH, not weakness, but now the Washington Redskins Cleveland Indians, two fabled sports franchises, look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct. Indians, like Elizabeth Warren, must be very angry right now!
NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!
This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over certain Democrat run cities. It is a lack of political leadership in that city. Chad Wolf
New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card, where criminals are protected. Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways and thinking!.
Has apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
If you want your 401ks and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high NASDAQ is already there, to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester via This shows that these anarchists have no bounds!
New China Virus Cases up because of massive testing, deaths are down, low and steady. The Fake News Media should report this and also, that new job numbers are setting records!
Democrats want to Defund Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!
Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!
. weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into and MSDNC territory. Watch instead. Much better!
. gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apart. Also, now 96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Another 2016!
Wow. got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!
On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy Fourth of July to Everyone!
Will be speaking at 700 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!
Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!
Would lead to disaster!
....The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world!
This would be the beginning of the end. He has no clue, but he wouldnt be calling the shots!!!
...And if the Federal Government wasnt getting ready to go in, and we were all set, it would still be a squatters anarchists mess!
....In a certain way, our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want, CASES. In the meantime, Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down. You dont hear about that from the Fake News, and you never will. Anybody need any Ventilators???
Cases, Cases, Cases! If we didnt test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing like other countries, would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News.....
Change Hearts Not Stones. There is no end to historical purification. Great historian Doug Wead
Thank you my friend. America loves India!
Great!
The is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen. They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd.
An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smart!!!
Sara, the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd. You are doing a Great job , together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia, Russia, Russia, should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize. Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong!
Thank you Tammy. You have quickly become a great voice for freedom!
Jim Banks New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump via Thank you Jim. They are Fake News!
Congressman Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosis Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff!
Congressman is a tremendous supporter of our agenda! He is Strong on the Wall, Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment, and he always puts America First! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement.
Tony Gonzales will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas! A Navy veteran, he is Strong on the Economy, Life and the Second Amendment. We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November. Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
...talks big for the worker, but never delivers. Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio. Vote for Christina Hagan, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Christina Hagan will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio. An early supporter of our agenda, she is Strong on Jobs, Border Security and your Second Amendment. Christina is running against an absolute failure, Tim Ryan, who...
. is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
....I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
My friend, will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan. Strong on the Economy, Trade and the Wall, Bill stands Tall for Law Order. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congratulations, on your impressive primary victory! A Super Bowl Champion, Burgess knows how to WIN. Strong on Life, Military, Vets and the he will always fight for Utah. Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER!
Actually, a must read. Really good!
There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!
He cannot pass the test I aced. He should give it a try!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW ORDER!
Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election. Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now, with the Patterson, N.J., being the most recent example. Republicans, in particular, cannot let this happen!
. should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joes poorly rated show!
Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement. We need him badly in Washington!
Minnesota, we need Lacy Johnson in Washington, D.C. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Hes tough and smart - and loves Minnesota. Look at the MESS you just went through - No more. Next time call up the National Guard much sooner, and Vote for Lacy!
The Governor of North Carolina, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR
The Governor of North Carolina, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR
If I didnt demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldnt even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!
Its a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him. Dave Rubin, author of Dont Burn This Book.
The United States has been experiencing, believe it or not, Historically Low Crime Rates. The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or, putting an end to our great Second Amendment!
Thank you George!
The Governor of North Carolina, made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State. Millions of Dollars, JOBS, lost by State. VOTE FOR
Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. There Is A War On Christianity.
SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE!
We MUST lower drug prices for patients! and have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while and WALK AWAY!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS!
News Conference at 930. Great Jobs Numbers!
Special thank you to the and for their support of what will, without question, be a special evening!
....horrible BLM chant, Pigs In A Blanket, Fry Em Like Bacon. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates disrespects them, wont let this symbol of hate be affixed to New Yorks greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!
NYC is cutting Police $s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will further antagonize New Yorks Finest, who LOVE New York vividly remember the....
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
No corroborating evidence to back reports. Department of Defense. Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me the Republican Party. I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
WOW. Record Growth in 2nd Quarter! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases, Markets, and your 401ks, will PLUNGE! Expect a Record 2021!
My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party. The secret source probably does not even exist, just like the story itself. If the discredited has a source, reveal it. Just another HOAX!
Congratulations to on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering mess!
Cant believe how badly has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below thank you President Trump! that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!
Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police. The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety security!
Happening fast!
I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren of all people! Amendment, which will lead to the renaming plus other bad things! of Fort Bragg, Fort Robert E. Lee, and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars, is in the Bill!
Congratulations on a really great win!
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to We all miss Roger!!!
He knew the questions and still couldnt answer them. Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world!
She gets fired by for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions, and gets hired by Where are you Roger Ailes?
At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!
This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country!
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!
Todays SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!
THE LONE WARRIOR!
Chuck, we will get lower drug prices done. Thanks!
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
Senator from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state. He protects your loves our Vets and Military, and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands. Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is a great supporter of the Agenda! He fights for your rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the Polls are Fake! The Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER SAFETY!
Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and Protestors, are now refusing to leave the CHOP Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!
95 Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party. I would imagine the 5 are the RINOS and stupid people who dont want to see great Judges Supreme Court Justices, a new powerful Military, Choice for Vets, 2A Protection, big RegulationCuts, Life, much more!
Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport. Incredible stupidity!
Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible, and therefore did not report it to me or Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax, maybe by the Fake News wanting to make Republicans look bad!!!
Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19 of Ballots a FRAUD!
Corrupt Joe Bidens team is running false ads. Almost everything in them is a knowing lie, just the opposite of what they are saying, very much like their Fake News partners!
The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police. Not good!
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
The Fake News nytimes must reveal its anonymous source. Bet they cant do it, this person probably does not even exist!
Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor will be joined by our GREAT Mike Pence!
Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!
Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA.
Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obamas lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!
Thank you to the great people of The Villages. The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall. Corrupt Joe is shot. See you soon!!!
...Nobodys been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over important parts of Ukraine - Wheres Hunter? Probably just another phony Times hit job, just like their failed Russia Hoax. Who is their source?
Nobody briefed or told me, Pence, or Chief of Staff about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as reported through an anonymous source by the Fake News Everybody is denying it there have not been many attacks on us.....
Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over 120 million people dead of Coronavirus!
....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!
Now that the very expensive, unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us, many States the U.S. are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE.....
Do not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in history. dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!
....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme Court, your 2nd Amendment, permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal, and you from massive Tax Hikes. Also, our Heritage, History and LAW ORDER!
I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!
Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!
...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe and these people will be brought to Justice!
I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped...
MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park. 10 year prison sentences!
He has no idea, so the answer is yes!!!
Coronavirus deaths are way down. Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World. Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down. Embers or flare ups will be put out, as necessary!
I was honored to be in Wisconsin today, on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan, with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine!
If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid, the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance. This is beyond a normal mistake. Why isnt the media reporting it?
I will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!
LAW ORDER!
Told that Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump TowerTiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. Pigs in a Blanket, Fry Em Like Bacon, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!
Black Lives Matter leader states, If U.S. doesnt give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!
The ObamaBiden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY!
When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called Autonomous Zone in Seattle? Get going!
The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up, because of GREAT TESTING, while the number of deaths mortality rate, goes way down. The Fake News doesnt like telling you that!
Failed presidential candidate thank you President Trump!, Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!
A commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the friendly protesters they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly, and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasnt upside down.
How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump. By Horace Cooper A great new book!
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
....the good and the bad. It is important for us to understand and remember, even in turbulent and difficult times, and learn from them. Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places!
Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of art, but all represent our History Heritage, both....
Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now its back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your lobstering and fishing! Make lots of money!
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
LAW ORDER!
Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn and many others for what they have done to ruin his life? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say, SO SORRY? And what about Obama Biden?
Great! Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn!
A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA!
It is ashame that Congress doesnt do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!
Tomorrow and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill, the up for a vote. Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact, has major police support. Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe! Hope to sign it into law ASAP!
BIG VICTORY for patients Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency. Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital. Because of my action, they will. This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself. Congratulations America!
Cases up only because of our big number testing. Mortality rate way down!!!
We broke them up last night, fast. Numerous are, and will be, in prison!
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary. He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at
....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72 Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesnt the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer Because they are Fake News!
We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
There will never be an Autonomous Zone in Washington, D.C., as long as Im your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!
Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
.....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument, statue or other such Federal property in the U.S. with up to 10 years in prison, per the Veterans Memorial Preservation Act, or such other laws that may be pertinent.....
Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasnt fair!
See, Bolton broke the law. Classified Information!
Interesting guy. Bolton is really dumb. True, and he broke the law!
Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. Johns Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veterans Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!
Looks whats going on here. Where are the protesters? Was this man arrested?
So terrible!
The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!
I brought back Cars Jobs. Will do it again for Michigan, everywhere else!!!
A really wonderful book. Buy it and enjoy!
WOW! The Trump Rally gives the LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY. Isnt it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat!
Rather hard to believe that didnt know that the Border Wall is well under construction, fully financed, already over 200 miles long? Will soon be finished! They just reported that it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year.
Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of that the Border Wall has long been under construction, the battle war is won, the Dems have FINALLY given in. In fact, I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion.
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history
Senator Jim Inhofe delivers for the State of Oklahoma! A U.S. Army veteran, he fights hard for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, and our terrific Farmers. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is working hard for Oklahoma. He strongly supports our Great Farmers, Small Businesses and Vets, and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment. Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border, Infrastructure, Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement. Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Kevin Hern is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma! A successful businessman, he is Strong on the Wall, our Military and the Second Amendment. Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all sorts of havoc, they can also go out and VOTE and keep our Election Honest. With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out, who knows where they are going, and to whom?
Unlike the radical left, I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela. My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing a peaceful exit from power!
Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!
I gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar. See judges opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!
RIGGED 2020 ELECTION MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
Barr Mail-in Ballots Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud via This will be the Election disaster of our time. Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION!
Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater 25 million tests and so much more advanced, that it makes us look like we have more cases, especially proportionally, than other countries. My message on that is very clear!
Ridiculous, dont do it!
Actually, that would be a big improvement - and she would win!
His President Trumps policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic. True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs Growth!!!
A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans!
The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!
Republicans are the party of LIBERTY, EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER!
Joe Bidens record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal, calamity and failure he NEVER did ANYTHING!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE!
....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!
BIG COURT WIN against Bolton. Obviously, with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media, nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it...BUT, strong powerful statements rulings on MONEY on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made....
.....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information in massive amounts. He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!
Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America. Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,....
Watch Live Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally via Thank you to all. See you tonight in Tulsa!
The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country!
Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard end rioting looting after seeing the destruction crime in Minneapolis. 100 successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State...
....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing Able!
Joe Bidens rally. ZERO enthusiasm!
Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE!
Senator Mitch McConnell always delivers for the people of Kentucky, who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader. Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky! A West Point graduate, he is Strong on Jobs, Reducing Taxes, and our Great Military and Vets. Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a fighter for Virginia, and we need him back in Congress! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL, and he is Strong on the Border, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky! He is Strong on the Border, Life and always Protects your Second Amendment. Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is working hard for the people of Kentucky! He fights for his fellow Farmers, and is Strong on Trade, Cutting Taxes, and the Second Amendment. Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa, G.T. Bynum, who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the Rally. Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum!
Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they dont stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I wont be watching!!!
Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 12 years!
The Democrats are doing totally false advertising. They have done NOTHING for years, including when Sleepy Joe was V.P., and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs. Opposite, China is paying us $BILLIONS. Also, I LOVE Seniors protect Preexisting Cs.
Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa. My campaign hasnt started yet. It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma!
If the Dems get in, our Country is in big trouble!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.
Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!
. is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!
...ruling request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems cant make DACA citizens. They gained nothing!
The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA, nothing was lost or won. They punted, much like in a football game where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag. We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Courts.....
Great things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to from to reconstruct and improve US 67 in and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time a huge boost for economic growth!
$40M proposed to in Minnesota from for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!
Designating $38.1 million to from to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine!
$55.15M will be on its way to to widen from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!
Big news for Colorado! $60.7M proposed to from for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!
Im designating $56.8M to to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County. Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area!
Floridians will get $10M grant from for I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier. Great work
$71.5M will be headed to from to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82!
Im proposing a $50M award to from to reconstruct the Tropicana AvenueI-15 interchange. So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area!
$25M coming your way The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland, Columbus, and Robeson Counties. Huge for travel and growth in the area!
. is set to be awarded $65 million from to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor greatly improving travel through the region!
. in Texas is set to receive $79.5M from for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal. This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal. GREAT for economic growth in this busy region!
Proposing $73.7M to for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from Will build missing links to the Ports and improve commerce and safety BIG boost to the economy and JOBS!
Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19.9 million from to improve Hookers Point container facility, adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW!
. $6.2M is coming your way from to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port. HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region!
. will have $34.6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81. HUGE innovation and development coming to the area!
Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to from to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
. will be awarded $12 million from to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!
Im proud to propose a $6.8M award to from to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!
Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to from to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
Proud to propose a $25M award to to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in CRITCAL for security, operations, and commerce at our countrys third BUSIEST U.S.-Canada border crossing!
It was not Ambassador Lighthizers fault yesterday in Committee in that perhaps I didnt make myself clear, but the U.S. certainly does maintain a policy option, under various conditions, of a complete decoupling from China. Thank you!
First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was BUILD A WALL. See, I was ahead of our times!
Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and Semper Paratus U.S. Coast Guard. Our rapid response and the vessels survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again. Well done
...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more important than ever before Second Amendment, Right to Life, Religous Liberty, etc. VOTE 2020!
I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees, which may include some, or many of those already on the list, by September 1, 2020. If given the opportunity, I will only choose from this list, as in the past, a Conservative Supreme Court Justice...
As President of the United States, I am asking for a legal solution on DACA, not a political one, consistent with the rule of law. The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one, so now we have to start this process all over again.
The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. Nevertheless, I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America!
The recent Supreme Court decisions, not only on DACA, Sanctuary Cities, Census, and others, tell you only one thing, we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court. If the Radical Left Democrats assume power, your Second Amendment, Right to Life, Secure Borders, and...
...Religious Liberty, among many other things, are OVER and GONE!
Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesnt like me?
These horrible politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives. We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd. Amendment everything else. Vote Trump 2020!
....He didnt want Bolton anywhere near him. Boltons dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea, even now. I asked him, what the hell were you thinking? He had no answer and just apologized. That was early on, I should have fired him right then there!
When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the Libyan Model for North Korea, all hell broke out. Kim Jong Un, who we were getting along with very well, went ballistic, just like his missiles - and rightfully so....
Boltons book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
Its a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since hes been in office, and to be honest with you, hes done one hell of a job.
Seattles CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal Democrat cities caving to lawlessness.
. is facing considerable backlash for pushing to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win, by David Horowitz. Amazon Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022 Hot book, great author!
Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
President Bush fired him also. Bolton is incompetent!
Wacko John Boltons exceedingly tediousNew York Times book is made up of lies fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized happily dumped. What a dope!
Will be interviewed on tonight at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He bungled everything that he touched!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
A GREAT woman. Her son is looking down from heaven is very proud of his wonderful loving mom!!!
True!
. has my Complete Total Endorsement. She is a great fighter ally in North Carolina. Lynda is Strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP! VOTE EARLY!
Congressman is a fighter for New York! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve works hard for our Vets First Responders. Hell stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them. Lee has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Chris Jacobs will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23!
Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!
So true!
Trump team should get a lot of credit for fast coronavirus stimulus CBO
We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action. Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
LAW ORDER!
Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country we have done a great job on this! that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Wont work!
Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Ive done more in less than 4 years than Bidens done in more than 40 years, including for Black America. Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades. Bad Trade Deals, Endless Wars, you name it, he has shown a complete lack of leadership. Hes weak shot!!!
Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments. HOW CRAZY!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership, yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!
Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness ineptitude play politically. The Mayor Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!
Thank you Philip!
Michael Moore Im Begging Dems -- Dont Underestimate White Male Trump Supporters Rage, Emotion via Well, he got it right in 2016?
A great day at West Point!
The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long steep, had no handrail and, most importantly, was very slippery. The last thing I was going to do is fall for the Fake News to have fun with. Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum!
And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also, but not with me watching!
I wont be watching much anymore!
Tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern.
On behalf of our entire nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW ORDER!
1000 A.M.
So true!
Happy Birthday Matt. GREAT JOB!
Thank you Frank. Fredos ratings are really bad, more than 50 down. A loser!!!
They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments. No way!!!
Thank you Nick. Hear the book is doing well go get it everyone. Make this great writer number one!.
Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on plus. Enjoy!
Concast is known for its terrible service. On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC Drop them and go to a good provider!
We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track will be better than ever after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration. Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish. China E.U. told to drop their Tariffs now!!!
Criminal Justice Reform. I got it done!!!
Thank you Jack!
...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!
We had previously scheduled our Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for June 19th a big deal. Unfortunately, however, this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday. Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out...
...of respect for this Holiday, and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents. I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday, June 20th, in order to honor their requests...
...rebuilding Americas infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge, which I have given authorization to proceed!
Just finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and...
Corky Messner will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment...
...We need Corky in Washington he has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, it is a Summer of Love. These Liberal Dems dont have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!
Interview with at 100 P.M. on Outnumbered Overtime
Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I dont think so.
A big winner. Congratulations!
Hello!
The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform. No rush. I prefer a new and updated Platform, short form, if possible.
How do you think China, Russia, Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation? We would have no Country left!!!
Crazy!
People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is!
The Radical Left Democrats First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
Great work together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed!
Congratulations to on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all!
Senator of IOWA has a new book, Daughter of the Heartland My Ode to the Country That Raised Me. The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the U.S. Senate Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere. Get her book today!
...Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent, Theresa Greenfield, and Theresas failed record in real estate, Joni stands for Iowa. Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd, a big day for us all!
Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your at all times...
...Second Amendment. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement! We need him in Washington now!
Matt is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the...
...of Schumer and Pelosi. David is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your at all times. He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd, a big day for us all!
We need our Great David Perdue in the Senate to Drain the Swamp Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff who we beat in 2017, supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities, wants to raise your taxes, weaken our Great Military. He is a puppet...
...We need Karen in Washington badly! She loves Georgia and the USA. Has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all!
Congratulations to on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David
Chris is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and importantly, our Vote on June 23rd. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
...Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets and Low Taxes. Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! November 3rd, a big day for us all!
Despite very tough competition, had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolinas 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now...
Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators wont fall for this!
Radical Left Governor and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you dont do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows nothing about that.
June 14th just happens to be my birthday, thank you! Love our Boaters, Love our Country!
The Federal Reserve is wrong so often. I see the numbers also, and do MUCH better than they do. We will have a very good Third Quarter, a great Fourth Quarter, and one of our best ever years in 2021. We will also soon have a Vaccine TherapeuticsCure. Thats my opinion. WATCH!
THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!
Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement sanctuary and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor is looking the fool. LAW ORDER!
Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. A walk in the park, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists ANTIFA, and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, S.S. GREAT JOB!
Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW ORDER!
Very troubled by Durham probe findings. A.G. Bill Barr
Radical Left Governor and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you dont do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
...And the Trump family didnt ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties!
LAW ORDER!
...And the Trump family didnt ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties!
So honored by Archbishop Vigans incredible letter to me. I hope everyone, religious or not, reads it!
Congratulations to Dr. Rich McCormick on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night! We need you in Washington, D.C. badly. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN, Keep up the great work so we can We need you in Washington fast. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for These funds from will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! Im sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to from to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly, keeping them SAFE!
...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!
...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations...
It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina, Fort Hood in Texas, Fort Benning in Georgia, etc. These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage, and a...
Incredible! just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements. More like CNN!!! Fox is lost!!!
Great statement to Congress by concerning Defunding not! our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be already is pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Departments. Crazy!
For the first time in history, Police Organizations National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, claims were made that could have affected the election of the President. A.G. Bill Barr
New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open!
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!
Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police
Thank you George, great honor!
Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they dont adjourn until the job is done!
Relief is on the way to Utah! Im proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah!
I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss, or illness due to COVID-19. We are taking care of our Nations most vulnerable citizens. Thanks
My decision to appoint General Charles Brown as the USAs first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!
Defunding Police would be good for Robbers Rapists.
BIG DEMAND! Starting up again soon, maybe next week!
Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One, not Day Four!
Minnesota needs DJT NOW. When I insisted on the National Guard, things got better FAST. Enough with Omar, youll have nothing left!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!
. TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Mattis was our Countrys most overrated General. He talked a lot, but never brought home the bacon. He was terrible! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad!
Poll Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55 to 34. Thats all? Who are the 34?
Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!
Vote today for Big Jim, a great Governor. Love West Virginia!
A GREAT Senator. Must return to Washington. Steve has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Democrats Activists call to Defund Police Departments. Theyve gone so far Left that they eat their young.
...Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016. They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS, and are put out to dampen enthusiasm. Despite 3 years of phony Witch Hunts, we are winning, and will close it out on November 3rd!
I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll and others, which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...
This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Countrys recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW ORDER!
Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Countrys record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!
CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!
LAW ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!
Tremendous sincerity, what a guy. Hard to believe, with this kind of political talent, his numbers would tank so badly in Utah!
Actually, a great book by a great and highly respected historian, Doug Wead!
Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodells rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country our Flag?
Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the weapons of mass destruction totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked.
If I wasnt constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, Id be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!
. is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb, to be exact, a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi!
I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!
Opinion Editor at just walked out. Thats right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!
If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists looters. Michael Goodwin,
. is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosis Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values. Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First. Vote for Jeff!
Congressman Mark Amodei is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Governor Doug Burgum is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota! He is a true Conservative, and First Lady Kathryn Burgums leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all. Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Carol Miller is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia! She fights for our Coal Miners, the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes. Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Alex Mooney is a champion for West Virginia! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment, and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners. Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosis Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim!
We need back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Austin Scott is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia. He works hard for our incredible Farmers, Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Buddy Carter keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy!
Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army, and now he serves our Military Vets in Congress. Strong on the and Border Security! Joe has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Senator is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina. Hes helped us confirm GREAT Judges, rebuild the Military, and keep our Country SAFE. Strong on Life and our Vets. Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
At the request of of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!
Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved a record, Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare 2A, much more!
Fantastic job on by new Republican Superstar running for Congress with my complete total Endorsement against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet who has done nothing!, a slightly older Republican Superstar, Thank you to both!
Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didnt Powell say that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction? They didnt, but off we went to WAR!
Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.
I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!
Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to DEFUND THE POLICE. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW ORDER!
. MSDNC are doing everything possible to inflame the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!
Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!
LAW ORDER!
Wow! 96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party and I believe this was before the GREAT Jobs Numbers yesterday. Thank you!
Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA other Wacko groups of Anarchists arent present to cause trouble. Incredible people. Thank you Maine!
Great new book by called Nothing to Lose. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!
This is a flat out lie. They the media are making things up The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!
Crazy!
Biden wants to Defund the Police!
We will always defend. Great job Jay!
You must be kidding??? This is a total disgrace!
THANK YOU MAINE!
Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats. A one sided battle. Illegal. Section 230!
Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar. Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid. Makes no difference, we already have a GREAT Senator!
What a fantastic group!
Great!
. is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didnt step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!
I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think hes truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high...
...We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!
...over the last number of nights. If she doesnt treat these men and women well, then well bring in a different group of men and women!
The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., whos budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for handouts, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment...
I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses. THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS!
Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY. We are
Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE! Joe go it right also!
It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination!
Its a stupendous number. Its joyous, lets call it like it is. The Market was right. Its stunning!
Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!
Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!
I will be doing a News Conference at 1000 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House.
This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence
I am so stunned. Ive never seen numbers like this and Ive been doing this for 30 years! Steve M.
THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE!
Really Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump kidding but true!
No Contest. Steve blows him away. So important for Montana. Ill be there to help Steve win big!!!
True. Steve is a GREAT SENATOR. Need him badly in Washington. Complete and Total Endorsement!
Great going Mike!
Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA. Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim. Idaho is proud of you!
Great going Brad!
We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract. Beautiful designs!
USA!
So great to have Michael home. Just arrived. Very exciting. Thank you to Iran. Dont wait until after U.S. Election to make the Big deal. Im going to win. Youll make a better deal now!
A must watch!
Sleepy Joe Bidens 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama Biden didnt even try to do - couldnt do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!
...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I dont care, Im endorsing. If you have a pulse, Im with you!
Few people know where theyll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska which I love campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else...
Police Groups Break With Biden His handlers want him to Defund the Police. I want more money for Law Enforcement!
Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the What a job they are doing!
The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation, which you do as a courtesy to help them save face, is that it is then harder to say you fired them. I did fire James Mattis. He was no good for Obama, who fired him also, and was no good for me!
...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!
John Kelly didnt know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not...
The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it and our Country!
...Michael is Tough, Smart, and Loves our Country. This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years. Thank you to our Great Republican Senate!
Congratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA and everything associated with it...
I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer, John Dowd, would be of interest to the American People. Read it!
YOU DONT BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!
...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!
I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White, who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran. He will be on a U.S. plane shortly, and is COMING HOME...
The Radical Left Democrats new theme is Defund the Police. Remember that when you dont want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement!
....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance.
I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon....
Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina, She is strong on Crime, Borders, Military, our Great Vets 2A. She will be a great help to me in DC. EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY. We need Lynda Bennett!
Disgraceful!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW ORDER!
The Fake Newspaper!
True!
Mueller should have never been appointed, although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America!
How are they doing together?
So many people hurt!
No. Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt, one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history. He can sleep well at night!
Interesting!
Great Book. Make Charlie Number One Again!
Section 230!
Good work Ted!
Thank you Matt!
Unfair!
This Witch Hunt should never have begun!
Nasty!
Caught!
YES!
Wow. Very impressive Josh!
Great job Ted. Country is proud of you!!!
FBI DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump. These are people with subversive actions and outright lies. They doctored documents. Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century!
They spied on the Trump Campaign, and got caught!!!
I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!
...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom brought home the bacon. I didnt like his leadership style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the worlds most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, felt great about it. His nickname was Chaos, which I didnt like, changed to Mad Dog...
....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom brought home the bacon. I didnt like his leadership style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the worlds most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, felt great about. His nickname was Chaos, which I didnt like, changed it to Mad Dog...
There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump
....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and its not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See pinned above.
In 3 12 years, Ive done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesnt even remember. Ive done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with...
If you watch Fake News or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!
Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News? coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the and the Amazon Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!
LAW ORDER!
Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!
The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway. Lamestream Media is CORRUPT!
The National Guard is ready!
Get tough police!
Undercover Huber is a great spoof, funny, but at the same time sad, because the real did absolutely NOTHING. He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents then, tap, tap, tap, just drag it along run out of time. A.G. Jeff Sessions was played like a drum!
Fredos ratings are down more than 50. People are tired of his act. IS DYING!
So true!
Thank you Ted. They got caught cold, but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on. Makes Watergate look like small potatoes! OBAMAGATE!
I agree, unlike other states that are poorly run managed, Texas is in great shape...and the Southern Border Wall, which is going up FAST, puts it in even better position!
So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run only cities. It is almost like they are all working together?
Burgess Owens, Utah. We werent to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process. Thank you Burgess. Working hard!
New Yorks Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!
Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York. When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?
Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters Fake News is hurting our Country so badly. Dont burn down churches. This article is a must read!
You got it wrong! If the protesters were so peaceful, why did they light the Church on fire the night before? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship! Sen. Susan Collins, Sen. James Lankford, Sen. Ben Sasse. Please read below.
Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you!
...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention.
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World, and brought in hundreds of...
Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, a place I love. Now, Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars, have everybody arrive, and...
Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters
Washington, D.C., was the safest place on earth last night!
Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesnt even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW ORDER!
Macys at 34th. Street, long the largest single department store anywhere in the world, a point of pride in NYC, was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it, breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass. What a shame. Bring in National Guard!
...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln. Passed Opportunity Zones with guaranteed funding for HBCUs, School Choice, passed Criminal Justice Reform, lowest Black unemployment, poverty, and crime rates in history
Decorated combat Vet has a great new book, Dare to Fly, which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat. Shes tough, tested, and true. A real fighter for Arizona. Get her book today at
Great new book out today by get your copy today!
New York City put on an 1100 P.M. CURFEW last night. No wonder they ripped the place apart. Should be 700 P.M. CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD.
SILENT MAJORITY!
NYC, CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD. The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart. Act fast! Dont make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes!!!
Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead in many ways!
Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredos ratings are down 50!
Chris Jacobs will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York. He is Strong on the Border, our Military and Vets, and the Second Amendment. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Chris on June 23!
Congressman Dusty Johnson is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers, and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment. Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Senator Mike Rounds continues to deliver for South Dakota! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade, Military, our Vets, and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Mike Simpson is a tremendous champion for Idaho! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers, and he strongly supports our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Russ Fulcher is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho! He fully supports the Border Wall, Life, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Greg Pence is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana. His brother, our great Vice President Mike Pence, and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our agenda. Greg has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jim Banks is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Jackie Walorski is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Harris is a tremendous advocate for Maryland! A highly respected physician, Andy fights for the Second Amendment, Border Security and our incredible Farmers. Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great thank you President Trump!.
Thank you Mark!
Fake News. Couldnt hear them during speech!
Cant let this happen!
Great!
YES!
My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People. I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do
I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 630 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response.
100 Correct. Thank you Tom!
Anarchists, we see you!
Trump is leading in all swing states. Heavily biased Democrat Poll, just like 2016. Biggest enthusiasm lead ever!
Sleepy Joe Bidens people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesnt know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
NOVEMBER 3RD.
Sleep Joe Bidens people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesnt know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Whos paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Bidens staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over and beyond.
I dont see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. Its the same mindset. TRUE!
FAKE NEWS!
LAW ORDER!
Our National Guard stopped them cold last night. Should have been called up sooner!
SO TERRIBLE! Where are the arrests and LONG TERM jail sentences?
STRENGTH!
Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors. These people are ANARCHISTS. Call in our National Guard NOW. The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe. Is this what America wants? NO!!!
Law Order in Philadelphia, NOW! They are looting stores. Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did thank you President Trump last night in Minneapolis. Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe? All Dems!
The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody understands what they are doing, that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda, we can easily work through them to GREATNESS!
The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night. The National Guard did a great job, and should be used in other States before it is too late!
Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis, Minnesota, last night. The ANTIFA led anarchists, among others, were shut down quickly. Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!
Let New Yorks Finest be New Yorks Finest. There is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job!
The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldnt do. Should have been used 2 days ago there would not have been damage Police Headquarters would not have been taken over ruined. Great job by the National Guard. No games!
MN Gov. Walz We Estimate 80 of the Rioters Are from out of State via
Hopefully a great, successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!?
80 of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses especially African American small businesses, homes, and the community of good, hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families.
Much more disinformation coming out of CNN, MSDNC, and by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!
Here we go again. Fake News is blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Cant blame China because they need the cash?
Its ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Dont lay the blame on others!
Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton. How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats? Get tough and fight and arrest the bad ones. STRENGTH!
These are Organized Groups that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!
The professionally managed so-called protesters at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
They professionally managed so-called protesters at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
They professionally managed so-called protesters at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just their to cause trouble. The handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
....got too frisky or out of line, they would quickly come down on them, hard - didnt know what hit them. The front line was replaced with fresh agents, like magic. Big crowd, professionally organized, but nobody came close to breaching the fence. If they had they would....
....good practice. As you saw last night, they were very cool very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side, the D.C. Mayor, who is always looking for money help, wouldnt let the D.C. Police get involved. Not their job. Nice!
....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs, and most ominous weapons, I have ever seen. Thats when people would have been really badly hurt, at least. Many Secret Service agents just waiting for action. We put the young ones on the front line, sir, they love it, and....
Great job last night at the White House by the U.S. They were not only totally professional, but very cool. I was inside, watched every move, and couldnt have felt more safe. They let the protesters scream rant as much as they wanted, but whenever someone....
Time for a change!
....It was spoken as a fact, not as a statement. Its very simple, nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters, and those looking to cause trouble on social media. Honor the memory of George Floyd!
Looting leads to shooting, and thats why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. I dont want this to happen, and thats what the expression put out last night means....
REVOKE 230!
The National Guard has arrived on the scene. They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis. They have arrived on the seen. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
CHINA!
Regulate Twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech. Well, as they have just proven conclusively, thats what they are doing. Repeal Section 230!!!
The President has been targeted by Twitter. What about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by Adam Schiff, and so many others, on the Russian Witch Hunt Plus, Plus, Plus? What about Chinas propaganda? WHOs mistakes? No flags?
Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat Party. They have targeted Republicans, Conservatives the President of the United States. Section 230 should be revoked by Congress. Until then, it will be regulated!
....These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd, and I wont let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. Any difficulty and we will assume control but, when the looting starts, the shooting starts. Thank you!
I cant stand back watch this happen to a great American City, Minneapolis. A total lack of leadership. Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor, Jacob Frey, get his act together and bring the City under control, or I will send in the National Guard get the job done right.....
MAIL-IN VOTING WILL LEAD TO MASSIVE FRAUD AND ABUSE. IT WILL ALSO LEAD TO THE END OF OUR GREAT REPUBLICAN PARTY. WE CAN NEVER LET THIS TRAGEDY BEFALL OUR NATION. BIG MAIL-IN VICTORY IN TEXAS COURT TODAY. CONGRATS!!!
. CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter. We have a different policy than Twitter on this. I believe strongly that Facebook shouldnt be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online. Did Twitter criticize Obama for his you can keep your Dr.?
Im proud to commit $40.9M in funding to Milwaukees East-West Bus Rapid Transit project. Bringing modern transit to the regions most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. Love Wisconsin!
Ogden, Utah, I am committing $64.5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospitalvery important services for Utahans!
. is committing $99.95M to in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe, quick transit service. Great things coming to a great State!
MAX Red line in Oregon is set to receive $99.99M in funds to reduce delays in the Portland area, connect citizens to very important locations, and make transit GREAT!
I am proud to commit $60.9M in funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany, NY areamore help coming to the people of New York!
Indiana is set to receive $100M in transit funds for the to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. has worked very hard on this project!
Big announcement for the State of Indiana! $77.5M committed in funds for a game-changing transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence.
Im excited to commit $100M to FL in funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service! Fast, safe, and beautiful infrastructure!
. is committing $21.8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region. It will connect St. Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with FREE WiFi. Will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the Great State of Florida!
Very exciting news for the Phoenix area is committing $100M to for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches, emergency services, and more!
So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD. How stupid, there are examples, cases, all over the place. Our election process will become badly tainted a laughingstock all over the World. Tell that to your hater
The men and women of the National Guard have been doing a great job fighting the CoronaVirus. This week, I will extend their Title 32 orders through mid-August, so they can continue to help States succeed in their response and recovery efforts.
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen Congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a FISA Bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the Greatest Political Crime In the History of the U.S., the Russian Witch-Hunt. Fantastic Job!
All over the World the CoronaVirus, a very bad gift from China, marches on. Not good!
We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100,000. To all of the families friends of those who have passed, I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy love for everything that these great people stood for represent. God be with you!
This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!
So many different viewpoints!
Whatever happen to John Huber?
The greatest political crime in USA History!
Yet she doesnt let people even breath in Michigan. A very bad double standard!
Trump on Russia Hoax When the Papers Come Out We Will Learn Obama Knew Everything
Thank you Cowboys. See you in New Mexico!
He looks better!
Thank you Lou!
Who else gave the less than elite We are the elite. We know how to WIN! 260 great new Federal Judges, 2 SCJs, Low Taxes, biggest ever REG. CUTS, Rebuilt Military, Choice, saved 2A MUCH more? Not Sleepy Joe! Thank you Erick.
Texas Supreme Court Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail Big win in Texas on the dangerous Mail In Voting Scam!
Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens, we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016, and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!
He is arguably the greatest president in our history. Thank you
At my request, the FBI and the Department of Justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in Minnesota of George Floyd....
....I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement. My heart goes out to Georges family and friends. Justice will be served!
If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor, I will quickly VETO it. Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history. The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it!
Thank you to and for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!
WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!
Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them and their other compatriots is correct. Big action to follow!
The Radical Left Lamestream Media, together with their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats, are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19. Wrong, I was very fast, even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary!
Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!
We pass 15,000,000 Tests Today, by far the most in the World. Open Safely!
We are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in Afghanistan. After 19 years, it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!
OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyond, and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!
We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!
....happen again. Just like we cant let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!!
Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We cant let a more sophisticated version of that....
Former CBS Reporter One Of The First To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin
Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the publication of your new book, Trump and Churchill, Defenders of Western Civilization. Certainly a great honor to be compared, in any way, to Winston Churchill.
The Failing winner of for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt, does its research as follows Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!
Great News The boring but very nasty magazine, The Atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20 of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!
....Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH, and I, as President, will not allow it to happen!
. is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election. They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots, which will lead to massive corruption and fraud, is incorrect, based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post....
I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political, criminal, and subversive scandal in USA history took place!
....A total double standard. The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media!
Didnt Obama, whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign, recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia, despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home, before and after his round, in a major public service message?
How brilliant are our FARMERS? Thank you real talent!
....One person lost to this invisible virus is too much, it should have been stopped at its source, China, but I acted very quickly, and made the right decisions. Many of the current political complainers thought, at the time, that I was moving far to fast, like Crazy Nancy!
For all of the political hacks out there, if I hadnt done my job well, early, we would have lost 1 12 to 2 Million People, as opposed to the 100,000 plus that looks like will be the number. Thats 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. I shut down entry from China very early!
We made most Governors look very good, even great, by getting them the Ventilators, unlimited Testing, and supplies, all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. So they look great, and I just keep rolling along, doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News!
Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. SP 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness has started, ahead of schedule. There will be ups and downs, but next year will be one of the best ever!
....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered obvious questions, but I wont bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe his wacky future ex-wife, Mika, would endlessly interview me, I would always be thinking....
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach on nothing. A TOTAL COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement!
....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
There is NO WAY ZERO! that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged even illegally printed out fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone.....
Joe Bidens handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19, sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators, Testing, Medical Supply Distribution, we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most importantly, we helped a lot of great people!
Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!
Sleepy Joe Biden mostly his reps. went crazy when I banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me xenophobic then went equally nuts when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
Sean Parnell is an American Hero. Connor Lamm has proven to be an American fraud, and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi. He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker, and did. Will kill 2A. Voted to impeach on nothing. A TOTAL COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement!
I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami, as falsely reported by the Fake News in order to stir up trouble. Ballroom is not nearly big enough would like to stay in N.C., whose gov. doesnt even know if he can let people in?
....Hawaii in a big, fully loaded 747, to play. What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man. Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100 of the ISIS Caliphate. I was left a MESS!
....3 months and, if I waited 3 years, they would do their usual hit pieces anyway. They are sick with hatred and dishonesty. They are truly deranged! They dont mention Sleepy Joes poor work ethic, or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course, often flying to....
Some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps, even a little exercise, I played golf over the weekend. The Fake Totally Corrupt News makes it sound like a mortal sin - I knew this would happen! What they dont say is that it was my first golf in almost...
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS! Get ready, it is already happening again!
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!
...to find, with all of the jobs and economic development it brings, another Republican National Convention site. This is not something I want to do. Thank you, and I LOVE the people of North Carolina!
...full attendance in the Arena. In other words, we would be spending millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican Party to fully occupy the space. Plans are being....
...made by many thousands of enthusiastic Republicans, and others, to head to beautiful North Carolina in August. They must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied. If not, we will be reluctantly forced...
I love the Great State of North Carolina, so much so that I insisted on having the Republican National Convention in Charlotte at the end of August. Unfortunately, Democrat Governor, is still in Shutdown mood unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
OBAMAGATE!
Schools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available.
Having the G7 meeting in Washington is very important for those countries, and the World!
Among many other very important events, meetings, and calls!
I give, and have given from the beginning, my entire yearly salary, $400,000 to $450,000, back to our government. Last check to HHS Covid relief. My great honor!
...vacationing, relaxing making shady deals with other countries, that Barack was always playing golf, doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS!
Sleepy Joes representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf exercise today. They think I should stay in the White House at all times. What they didnt say is that its the first time Ive played golf in almost 3 months, that Biden was constantly.....
The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election, plain and simple!
A disgrace. Total corruption!
Thank you. We love our boaters!
Be sure to watch, Witch Hunt, the Flynn Vindication hosted by the very knowledgeable on tonight at 800 P.M. This is yet another part of the greatest Criminal Hoax in American History!
You are right!
I always stand with leaders who werent afraid to stand early with me. Thats why I am supporting a true conservative, for State Treasurer of North Dakota!
Cases, numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country!
A lot of interest in this story about Psycho Joe Scarborough. So a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office, hit her head on his desk, die? I would think there is a lot more to this story than that? An affair? What about the so-called investigator? Read story!
Allen, get well soon!
The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and force people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!
Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson interview on at 1000 A.M. Sunday. Enjoy!
Michael Moore Torches Biden He Lacks Necessary Enthusiasm to Beat Trump via Well, he was right in 2016, and we do have great enthusiasm. Many say, done a fantastic job! DJT
Thank you Herschel!
I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS. 100 CORRECT. SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE. HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST. I WILL HAVE!!!
Many physicians agree with you. Also, some very good studies!
True!
A blow to her head? Body found under his desk? Left Congress suddenly? Big topic of discussion in Florida...and, hes a Nut Job with bad ratings. Keep digging, use forensic geniuses!
Thank you!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....price. You should drop out of the race pray that super liberal a weak pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi Cryin Chuck Schumer, gets beaten badly. He voted for impeachment based on ZERO. Disgraced Alabama. Coach will be a GREAT Senator!
Jeff, you had your chance you blew it. Recused yourself ON DAY ONE you never told me of a problem, and ran for the hills. You had no courage, ruined many lives. The dirty cops, others, got caught by better stronger people than you. Hopefully this slime will pay a big...
Who are the 4? A RINO or two!
Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness. He is the reason Im here!
...And Sleepy Joe!
All things that I have GOTTEN DONE, including Criminal Justice Reform!
Sean Parnell is a Star. We need him in Washington to Drain the Swamp!
Patriots!
So bad!
Caught in the act!
Admiral Ronny Jackson is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in Strong on Crime, the Border and Agriculture and he loves our Vets! Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Ronny!
We need back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Guy Reschenthaler is doing tremendous work for the people of Pennsylvania! A Navy veteran, Guy strongly supports our Vets, Borders, and always votes to uphold the Rule of Law. Guy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman John Joyce is a fighter for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania! John loves our Vets, Military and Small Businesses and always defends Life and the Second Amendment. John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Mike Kelly is an incredible advocate for Pennsylvania! He fights to Lower your Taxes, Create Jobs, Protect our Borders, and Defend the Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Fred Keller has been doing a phenomenal job in Congress since his special election! He strongly supports our Vets, Small Businesses, Workers, and the Second Amendment. Fred has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Glenn GT Thompson is a hard worker for Pennsylvania! The Dean of the Delegation, he strongly supports our incredible Farmers, Vets and the Second Amendment. GT has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Scott Perry is an incredible fighter for Pennsylvania! He served our country as an Army General and now he fights for our Seniors, Vets, Military, and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Lloyd Smucker is working hard for the people of Pennsylvania! Lloyd strongly supports the Second Amendment, and hes fighting for our incredible Workers, Military and Vets. Lloyd has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Dan Meuser is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania! Dan loves our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment a real supporter of our agenda. Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Lisa Scheller will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress! She strongly supports our Military, Vets, Small Businesses and the Second Amendment. Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
David Young is a champion for Iowa! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses, Military, the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers! David has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Ashley Hinson will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses, our Incredible Farmersa true supporter of our Agenda! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessions. He let our Country down. Thats why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville the true supporter of our agenda!
....beginning, was forced to apologize Fake News! after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now willing to write anything, even if not truthful. He laughs at his boss, Publisher A.G. Sulzberger, and I laugh at them all. The is a total mess!
. is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism, and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times. Not easy to do. He has given up on figuring Trump out. Called it all wrong from the....
$49.8M is on its way to Airport to aid in economic recovery. This Federal funding will support aviation in the Dallas area keep aviation workers on the job commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports. Proud to support our friends in Dallas!
I am proud to announce that the Maryland Aviation Administration will receive $87.8M in CARES Act Airport Grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the U.S. Capital Region. Very important for economic recovery!
HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN!
THANK YOU!
Why doesnt put up the CNBC POLL or the believe it or not! Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!
. should fire their Fake Pollster. Never had a good Fox Poll!
Thank you!
Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!
The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask. Not their fault, I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan, until I came along!
No Voter Fraud!
USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before!
Is this even possible to believe? Can this be for real? Where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?
President Trump is leading Joe Biden D in the battleground state of Pennsylvania 50.2 percent to 45.5 percent...This is significant, as it reflects a 4.7 percent jump from the previous survey.
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Big day for JUSTICE. Congratulations John!
THANK YOU!
....On Monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation.
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
Another $298M heading to adding up to over $2B in federal funding from so far, part of the $3.9B total from the CARES Act. This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery. We are here for the people of New York!
DOJ Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box via
....Hahn, Richard Goodstein, Donna Brazile, Niel Cavuto, and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points, and lies. All of the good is totally nullified, and more. Net Result BAD! CNN MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!
Many will disagree, but is doing nothing to help Republicans, and me, get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure, there are some truly GREAT people on Fox, but you also have some real garbage littered all over the network, people like Dummy Juan Williams, Schumerite Chris...
Just departed the for the Great State of Michigan!
Wow!
China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!
....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didnt!
Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace....
....Together, we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again better than ever before!
Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. During this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of Hispanic Americans....
Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!
....beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE, every State, if these events didnt happen. Even if Warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now, even more so...and Bernie doesnt even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE, better than BS!
Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman Mayor Pete to quit endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday, gets Pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from Bernie. He would have....
Congratulations to my daughter, Tiffany, on graduating from Georgetown Law. Great student, great school. Just what I need is a lawyer in the family. Proud of you Tiff!
The Tulsa, Oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the of up to $120M to help expand highway on the Gilcrease Expressway West Project. This will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots!
We have sent our best Military Teams, already there. Governor must now set you free to help. Will be with you soon!
Great news for the Dallas area! Dallas Area Rapid Transit DART will be receiving $229M in funding to keep front line workers, and the many riders that depend on transit, employed and safe. This will be critical to economic recovery!
My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan Stay SAFE and listen to local officials. Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens, THANK YOU!
Now that our Country is Transitioning back to Greatness, I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David. The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!
State of Nevada thinks that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S. They cant! If they do, I think I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry, but you must not cheat in elections.
Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. Please explain to this dope that it was the incompetence of China, and nothing else, that did this mass Worldwide killing!
I said NO to a deal, Lou. If I would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time, I said NO. This President needs to be re-elected, Lou. One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime. I would never give false testimony against him. Roger Stone
....Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly. How about that jury Forewoman, does anybody think that was fair. DISGRACEFUL! Stay tuned. And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? Open Cold Case!
Breaking Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!..
Breaking Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Eection. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!...
Consistently great reporting by Elizabeth MacDonald of She really understands OBAMAGATE!
YES!
A really great woman, and what a job she is doing!
The Fake News knows this. Thanks Katie!
They got caught. Some very nervous criminals out there. Thank you Ted!
Thank you!
Thanks. Sleepy Joe has given you nothing, and never will!
Thank you Emily!
So true. OBAMAGATE!
THANK YOU
The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate
I am pleased to announce that the Seattle areas will receive over $166M in federal funds from to help keep the transit system open operational, helping get people to work or make necessary trips. These funds help replace lost fare revenue, very important!
I am proud to announce the Portland Areas will receive over $184M in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system. This will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation!
I am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at Intl Airport and for transit on This money will aid in economic recovery!
DCs system is getting over $876M, a big boost to stay open operating! The federal funds will keep workers paid buses trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. Good news for those who rely on transit! Congrats to all!
. trounces Morning Psycho MSDNC in the Ratings!
This is the letter sent to Dr. Tedros of the World Health Organization. It is self-explanatory!
. is no longer the same. We miss the great Roger Ailes. You have more anti-Trump people, by far, than ever before. Looking for a new outlet!
A fantastic new book, American Crusade written by a Great American Patriot, is available tomorrow! Hear more about it as he joins tonight at 900pmE and tomorrow morning at 830amE. Get your copy today!
Today we commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the birth of Saint John Paul II. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
OIL ENERGY IS BACK!!!!
LOSER!
Sleepy Joe is wrong again!
So the so-called HHS Whistleblower was against HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE. Then why did he make, and sign, an emergency use authorization? said, He shared his concerns with a reporter. In other words, he LEAKED. A dumb hit job on a grandstanding Never Trumper!
We are with them!
.....mixed about even wanting us to get out. They make a fortune $$$ by having us stay, and except at the beginning, we never really fought to win. We are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are, especially now as rebuilt. No, I am not acting impulsively!
The Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesnt want me to act in an impulsive manner in Afghanistan. Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years, and while soldier counts are way down now, hardly impulsive. Besides, the Taliban is.....
Wow! The Front Page Headline reads, A BOOST IN TESTS, BUT LACK OF TAKERS. We have done a great job on Ventilators, Testing, and everything else. Were left little by Obama. Over 11 million tests, and going up fast. More than all countries in the world, combined.
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
REOPEN OUR COUNTRY!
Yes!
True, except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didnt have a clue!
This is unbelievable!
MAGA crowds are bigger than ever!
This love of Country went all over. They hate Fake News, and so do I!
This picture seems like just yesterday when Ronald recieved the Congressional Medal of Honor. What a man!
....This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely, it is causing great injustice harm. I hope you are listening I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. She knows how to make things right!
....spews lies. report was incorrect, which they couldnt care less about. Fake News! I dont know this guy, never met him, but dont like what I see. How can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow report to his boss, after trashing him on T.V.?....
. third place anchor, are doing everything in their power to demean our Country, much to the benefit of the Radical Left Democrats. Tonight they put on yet another Fake Whistleblower, a disgruntled employee who supports Dems, fabricates stories, ...
Enjoy the campaign Joe!
Great job Peter!
100 correct!
Watch tonight on He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught! A repeat later in evening. Really something.
I think that is a great compliment. Thank you James!
They, and the Lamestream Media including Jake, have spent 3 12 years illegally smearing me. They got caught!
The most incompetent and corrupt administration in U.S. history!
A CNN Faker!
The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very good news, indeed!
Wall is going up fast. 184 miles as of today!
Hard to believe considering the Lamestream Media is totally corrupt. The people understand!
A great guy, a great book!
Fake Journalism. So bad for our Country!
The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House!!!
Lacy will do a great job. Omar is a corrupt disaster!
Thank you very much to our beautiful boaters. I will never let you down!
Doing REALLY well, medically, on solving the CoronaVirus situation Plague!. It will happen!
....May Phyllis Rest In Peace. Warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!
Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. The NFL could not have made a better pick when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. Also, a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov. John Y. Brown....
Great Rally and fantastic job on this morning. It is all happening!
I will be interviewed by at 1000 A.M. on Thank you!
.....are therefore given massive advantages over The United States, and everyone else? Prior to the Plague floating in from China, our Economy was blowing everybody away, the best of any country, EVER. We will be there again, and soon!
Why is it that China, for decades, and with a population much bigger than ours, is paying a tiny fraction of $s to The World Health Organization, The United Nations and, worst of all, The World Trade Organization, where they are considered a so-called developing country and...
Doing a GREAT job!
Thank you!
OBAMAGATE!
Mitch, I love you, but this is 100 true. Time is running out. Get tough and move quickly, or it will be too late. The Dems are vicious, but got caught. They MUST pay a big price for what they have done to our Country. Dont let them get away with this!
This is true. I say it all the time. The Republicans must play by the same rules, or die! Wow Mollie, you are good.
Really sad, but even sadder, watch flunky CRY when I whipped his mind he was FORCED to apologize to me over Apprentice fees. Even Psycho Cold Case Joe Scarborough bad ratings beat him up, on air, unmercifully. Find tapes play 5 years back?.
Amazing!
One of a kind!
Im not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was, remember 1 Joe? Im running against the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats their partner, the real opposition party, the Lamestream Fake News Media! They are vicious crazy, but we will WIN!
America is proud of Ron Johnson. He never gives up!
Is the NFL watching?
People cant get enough of this. Great people!
Weve done a GREAT job on Covid response, making all Governors look good, some fantastic and thats OK, but the Lamestream Media doesnt want to go with that narrative, and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about Trump. I made everybody look good, but me!
95 Approval Rating in Republican Party. 51 Plus, overall. But you NEVER read or see this in the Fake News Media. Always hearing bad, made up numbers on how badly Im doing. Lamestream Media is unhinged and CORRUPT!
Mexico must take control of this very big problem!
Lou, this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10 of what we have been paying over many years, matching much lower China payments. Have not made final decision. All funds are frozen. Thanks!
Scandal has defined the Obama Administration.
The Radical Left is in total command control of Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Google. The Administration is working to remedy this illegal situation. Stay tuned, and send names events. Thank you Michelle!
So true!
Happy Birthday Tom!
Hello to India!
Ill do it again!
My Hero. New Yorks Finest!
Another Fake Whistleblower. Republicans must do something about these terrible people, and now!
FAKE NEWS IS NOT ESSENTIAL!
Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania. Thank you!
I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and during this pandemic. Were also cooperating on vaccine development. Together we will beat the invisible enemy!
Today I was presented with the brand new flag in the Oval Office. I will take Great Pride in displaying it at the
Chicagos has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817M will aid in the economic recovery buy Made in the USA!
I am proud to announce that will receive $1.4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NYNJ area! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever. Together, we will prevail!
....Likewise, the and are a disgrace to journalism. They are all Fake News, and they know it better than anyone else. History is unfolding, and it is not a pretty picture for journalism.
Thank you to for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States, OBAMAGATE. Fake News and Concasts own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away. They are embarrassed and dont know what to do....
Its about time!
GREAT!
Where is the 302? It is missing. Was it stolen or destroyed? General Flynn is being persecuted!
Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors. You are better, and far more brilliant, than anyone on Madison Avenue Ad Agencies. There is nobody like you!
Thank you. My great honor!
Thanks. You are very cool!
Great work On behalf of the American People, THANK YOU!
Just landed in Pennsylvania, see everyone soon!
On my way, see you soon!
On my way to PENNSYLVANIA!
I am proud to announce the first $500M of $3.9B in CARES Act transit funding headed to the NY Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work! Spend it wisely!
If I were a Senator or Congressman, the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA, by FAR, is former President Obama. He knew EVERYTHING. Do it just do it. No more Mr. Nice Guy. No more talk!
Good numbers coming out of States that are opening. America is getting its life back! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising, before end of year. Likewise, other solutions!
22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season. California Wisconsin won big on Tuesday. Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters. You will not be disappointed!
I dont know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright, never met him or even heard of him, but to me he is a disgruntled employee, not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who, with his attitude, should no longer be working for our government!
The Great State of Wisconsin, home to Tom Tiffanys big Congressional Victory on Tuesday, was just given another win. Its Democrat Governor was forced by the courts to let the State Open. The people want to get on with their lives. The place is bustling!
OBAMAGATE!
Proud of Mike!
First time in 22 years. Mike will be a GREAT CONGRESSMAN!
Intel chief releases info on unmasking of Flynn to Capitol Hill via
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!
As I have said for a long time, dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do. We just made a great Trade Deal, the ink was barely dry, and the World was hit by the Plague from China. 100 Trade Deals wouldnt make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost!
When the so-called rich guys speak negatively about the market, you must always remember that some are betting big against it, and make a lot of money if it goes down. Then they go positive, get big publicity, and make it going up. They get you both ways. Barely legal?
Obama was always wrong!
Does anybody believe this man? Caught!
Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion. Wall Street Journal
Big Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia, taking back a seat from the Democrats. This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican. Also, Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin. Two great Congressional WINS!
Women for Trump co-chair Biden might not be ultimate nominee, and Dems engaging in elder abuse
Fake must be taken back. These journalists got everything wrong. Give them to the real journalists who got it right!
Shifty Schiff exposed!
Big News Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany. He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin, and the United States. Congratulations!
As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates, the USA should also accept the GIFT. Big numbers!
California should let Tesla open the plant, NOW. It can be done Fast Safely!
Crude Oil prices going up as Saudi Arabia cuts production levels. Our great Energy Companies, with millions of JOBS, are starting to look very good again. At the same time, gasoline prices at record lows like a big Tax Cut. The BEST of all Worlds. Transition To Greatness
Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
Looking forward to being in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Thursday. I love the State, and for very good reason!
Remember this, every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus, and I am happy for them all, could in no way have gotten those numbers, or had that success, without me and the Federal Governments help. From Ventilators to Testing, we made it happen!
So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly, pundits consultants that never had a chance, telling me how to run for office. Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges, rebuilt Military, 2A, great V.A. Low Taxes, etc. Just dont like that I beat them!
Our Testing is the BEST in the World, by FAR! Numbers are coming down in most parts of our Country, which wants to open and get going again. It is happening, safely!
The American People are WARRIORS!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
96 APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. THANK YOU! We will win against a tired, exhausted man, Sleepy Joe Biden, in November.
Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country, and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I dont blame them!
More than all other countries together!
Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida. Did he get away with murder? Some people think so. Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly? Isnt it obvious? Whats happening now? A total nut job!
Ratings way down, show sucks!
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!
Sleepy Eyes fails again!
Big news!
Fake Journalists!
A great time to have strong Borders, and we now have the strongest Borders in our history. 182 miles of Border Wall already built! Dems want Open Borders, let EVERYONE IN. No thanks!
Then we must be very careful. Crazy Nancy would be a total disaster, and the USA will never be a Communist Country!
ColdCaseJoe!
The Lamestream Media is truly out of control. Look how they work conspire! together. They are the Enemy of the People, but dont worry, we will WIN in November!
Interestingly!
OBAMAGATE!
Vote by May 12th! His opponent voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now shes mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in
Tom Tiffany is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin WI07. We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!
Congressman Adrian Smith is a strong fighter for Nebraska. He fights for your Second Amendment, defends our Borders, strengthens our Military and loves our Vets! Adrian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Jeff Fortenberry is a great advocate for Nebraska. He fights for Farmers, Small Businesses and our incredible Vets and Military. Jeff has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska! He served our Country as an Air Force General, and now he serves our Vets, Farmers, and Small Businesses. Strongly supports the Second Amendment. Don has my Complete Total Endorsement!
THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE. Sadly, our Lamestream Media is TOTALLY CORRUPT!
Because it was OBAMAGATE, and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge. The most corrupt administration in U.S. history!
He should be FIRED by Concast. If done by a Republican, would be prosecuted.
. FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump
The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now, and they are fully aware of what that entails. The Democrats are moving slowly, all over the USA, for political purposes. They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them. Dont play politics. Be safe, move quickly!
OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!
Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better, going down almost everywhere. Big progress being made!
Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California. Republicans, get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate, ASAP!
Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response, except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America!
THIS IS A DISGRACE, EVEN WORSE THAN USUALLY IS, WHICH IS REALLY BAD. SLEEPY EYES MUST BE FIRED!
This is why its not really the Lamestream Media, its the Rigged Media....and it is what Im up against. It was corrupt in 2016. Now it is much more corrupt, and what you are seeing is the least of it....but WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
OBAMAGATE!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by Concast NBC for this fraud. He knew exactly what he was doing. Public Airwaves Fake News!
He got caught, OBAMAGATE!
Thank you!
. and their show, are doing everything within their power, which is far less today than it was in the past, to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World. I guess they want to do business in China!
This book is a MUST BUY!
OBAMAGATE!
. is just a poor mans lapdog for ATT!
Wow, this is BIG!
Thank you!
More Fake News, this time from Jimmy Kimmels last place show!
Thank you to Eli Lake!
The biggest political crime in American history, by far!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Congratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union. He always Gets the Job Done.
True!
Thank you Mike!
We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from China, the infectious source, entering the USA. Compare that to the ObamaSleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks, bad polls - didnt have a clue!
When are the Fake Journalists, who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Scam, going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. Ill give you the names, there are plenty of them!
A great man for Washington! Will Drain the Swamp!
So great to see our Country starting to open up again!
...And we caught them and their illegal activities!
Governor of California wont let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area supposed to be mail in ballots only because our great candidate, is winning by a lot. CA25 Rigged Election!
Starting early next week, at my order, the USA will be purchasing, from our Farmers, Ranchers Specialty Crop Growers, 3 Billion Dollars worth of Dairy, Meat Produce for Food Lines Kitchens. FARMERS TO FAMILY FOOD BOX Great news for all!
Why is it that all of the political pundits consultants that I beat so easily badly, people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth, have become so totally unhinged when it come to your favorite President, me. These people are stone cold crazy!
...And many more!
Governor of California wont let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area supposed to be mail in ballots only because our great candidate, is winning by a lot. CA25 Rigged Election!
CA25 is a Rigged Election. Trying to steal it from must act now!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Mike has my complete total endorsement. We need him badly in Washington. A great fighter pilot hero, a brilliant Annapolis grad, Mike will never let you down. Mail in ballots, check that they are counted!
So in California, the Democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. Its all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!
Vote by May 12th! His opponent voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now shes mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!
Tom Tiffany is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin WI07. We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....must read for anybody looking for U.S. Security and Protection. Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller he deserves it!
Retired Ice Director Tom Homan knows more about the Border and Border Security than anyone. Hes a tough guy, but a good guy - and as smart as they come. His new book, Defend The Border and Save Lives Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis is a....
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA. Congratulations to General Flynn, and many others. I do believe there is MUCH more to come! Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians do not go well together!
I will be interviewed on at 800 A.M. Enjoy!
Today, celebrates the two year anniversary of her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children. Congratulations, and thank you!
....are getting caught doing very evil things, and Republicans should take note. This was grave misconduct by the Obama Justice Department!
Congratulations to former Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, and all others involved, on a complete and total exoneration with a 9-0 vote by the U.S. Supreme Court on the Obama DOJ Scam referred to as Bridgegate. The Democrats....
As you know, I designated this day to be a National Day of Prayer. As our Nation heals, our Spirit has never been Stronger!
The Fake News has reached an all time high!
....to it, as appropriate. The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines Therapeutics. Thank you!
....gloves, gowns etc. are now plentiful. The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. Because of this success, the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN. We may add or subtract people ....
....produced in the thousands, and we have many to spare. We are helping other countries which are desperate for them. Likewise, after having been left little, we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined, and with superior tests. Face masks shields,....
The White House CoronaVirus Task Force, headed by Vice President Mike Pence, has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. Ventilators, which were few in bad shape, are now being....
Thank you
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible, patriotic, and hardworking men and women of
Will be doing a major interview tonight at 630 P.M. Eastern with on Tonight.
On we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character, integrity, and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nations students, thank you!
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!
Wow! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld, a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home. His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert, nice guy Jimmy Fallon, and wacko last placer Jimmy Kimmel. Greg built his show from scratch, and did a great job in doing so.
Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States, using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities, Payroll Taxes, and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes, must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification business deductions for restaurants ent.
Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called Lincoln Project, goes into their own pockets. With what Ive done on Judges, Taxes, Regulations, Healthcare, the Military, Vets Choice! protecting our great 2A, they should love Trump. Problem is, I BEAT THEM ALL!
Remember this? Happy
The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader, the Fake News Lamestream Media, are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country. No matter what we do or say, no matter how big a win, they report that it was a loss, or not good enough. The Enemy of the People!
For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners, here is the newest chart on our great testing miracle compared to other countries. Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA, instead of always ripping us down!
Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts, which will be soon. Some Governors never stopped, which proved to be very smart. They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods. Also, saved big dollars!
Heading to Arizona!
Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!
Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again!
....because they dont know how to win, and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe. I dont know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband, Moonface, but it must have been really bad. John Weaver lost big for Kasich to me. Crazed Rick Wilson....
....lost for Evan McMuffin McMullin to me. Steve Schmidt Reed Galvin lost for John McCain, Romneys campaign manager ? lost big to O, Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party. Theyre all LOSERS, but Abe Lincoln, Republican, is all smiles!
....get even for all of their many failures. You see, these loser types dont care about 252 new Federal Judges, 2 great Supreme Court Justices, a rebuilt military, a protected 2nd Amendment, biggest EVER Tax Regulation cuts, and much more. I didnt use any of them....
A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got BADLY beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied no imagination the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan, Morning in America, doing everything possible to....
THANK YOU
MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
A great new book, Fortitude American Resilience in the Era of Outrage by former Navy Seal, and current Texas Congressman is now available. A fantastic guy get your copy today!
Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not essential. In any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!
Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesnt want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!
Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts, Rebuilt Military, Choice for Vets, saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done, but what they love beyond all else is 252 so far! Federal Judges, not including two great Supreme Court Justices. A Big Record!
And Im Endorsing you also Lacy, you truly deserve it. You are doing a great job, and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes, hates our Military our Vets, demands Open Borders, and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment. Good luck Lacy!
Getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!
Concast should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well, used them beautifully in the last Election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is nuts. Besides, bad ratings!
Im with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
Thank you Ryan. Working hard!
....Fake News got it wrong again, as always, and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country. The people that were allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested U.S. citizens, and as such, I welcome them with open arms!
Intelligence has just reported to me that I was correct, and that they did NOT bring up the CoronaVirus subject matter until late into January, just prior to my banning China from the U.S. Also, they only spoke of the Virus in a very non-threatening, or matter of fact, manner...
Thank you very much to our beautiful boaters. I will never let you down!
....And then came a Plague, a great and powerful Plague, and the World was never to be the same again! But America rose from this death and destruction, always remembering its many lost souls, and the lost souls all over the World, and became greater than ever before!
So nice to see this great honor. Thank you but havent played golf in a long time!
Going well despite the Fake News!
Some things never get old!
Progress being made!
Thank you!
Keep punching Mike!
Thank you!
Wow!
Hopefully our Country will soon mend. We are all missing our wonderful rallies, and many other things!
Many complaints coming in about Maine. I love that State, won Maine 2 - Dont make the cure worse than the problem itself. That can happen, you know!
The Fake News doesnt show real polls. Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT, the Enemy of the People!
. Oh bye the way, I appreciate the message from former President Bush, but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside. He was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest Hoax in American history!
Beautiful, thank you to our GREAT and
No reason to turn it down, except politics. We have plenty of testing. Maybe you need a new Doctor over there. Crazy Nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work!
The Democrats are just, as always, looking for trouble. They do nothing constructive, even in times of crisis. They dont want to blame their cash cow, China, for the plague. China is blaming Europe. Dr. Fauci will be testifying before the Senate very soon!
Not much time to sleep. Thank you!
So true, although Honest Abe wasnt bad. Thank you!
She was thrown off The View like a dog, Zero T.V. Personas. Now Wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for Fake News MSDNC Concast. Doesnt have what it takes!
Very cool. Please thank him!
I, for one, am glad to see he is back, and well!
Border Wall is going up FAST. Over 172 miles already built. 450 miles by early next year, or sooner! Dems want OPEN BORDERS. I want STRONG BORDERS!
The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed. Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done, thats why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time. Also, she should come back to Washington now!
I hate to be promoting ATT, but is Great News, not Fake News. Everybody should be carrying them!
Thats right Jack. Keep up the good work!
Thank you Michael. You also!
The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends????
Thank you!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Also, just out, highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll, and shows Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden.
There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House, which should return but isnt because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. Please inform Dr. Brian P. Monahan.
Dont allow RIGGED ELECTIONS!
....Together we will Fight for Small Businesses and Protect American Energy workers! Shelley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Senator Shelley Moore Capito is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia! She strongly defends our Second Amendment, Supports our Veterans and is Strong on Life and the Border....
Concast and Fake News are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there. They use USA airwaves to help China. The Enemy of the People!
The Governor of Michigan should give a little, and put out the fire. These are very good people, but they are angry. They want their lives back again, safely! See them, talk to them, make a deal.
Cryin Chuck Schumer, compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states, has brought very little back to N.Y. A totally overrated loser, the one thing he has given them is SALT. He never even called me to stop it. No wonder Cuomo most others cant stand him. AOC!
Cryin Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over over again. We dont have enough testing , he would repeat, when he knows we have done a great job on Testing, just like we have on Ventilators and everything else. He lied, gave NY SALT. Run AOC!
Dirty Cop!
I have done more for farmers and ranchers than any President in history, and it has been my honor in doing so!
The only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse the corruption than we thought. DIRTY COPS!
Vote by May 12th! His opponent voted to fire teachers, and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay. Now shes mocking our Great Vets! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in
Tom Tiffany is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin WI07. We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!
Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans! If you havent yet received your payment, go to and click on GET MY PAYMENT to receive your money FAST!
We cant let the Fake News, and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, get away with stealing the Election. They tried that in 2016. How did that work out?
The Do Nothing Democrats!
FAKE NEWS!
Great!
DIRTY COP JAMES COMEY GOT CAUGHT!
Plus many!
Really? Have you looked at the numbers lately!
FAKE POLLING, just like 2016 but worse!
What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!
Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents with Fake News closely in toe, was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!
Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people have died there, a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway 207, Finland 206 or Denmark 443. The United States made the correct decision!
Lyin Brian Williams of MSDNC!
I must admit that Lyin Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News anchorman Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television. Then you have Psycho Joe What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend? Scarborough, another of the low I.Q. individuals!
Lyin Brian Williams of MSDNC, a Concast Scam Company, wouldnt know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. Hes a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!
Just told that Fake News is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. Actually, he is doing a great job, I never shouted at him been with me for years, including the 2016 win, have no intention to do so. Just FAKE NEWS!
. doesnt want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn why they got the story so wrong. They, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man his family. They wont even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman,
No, I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate, especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat. He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway. I like him even more than Jill Stein!
THANK YOU
At least they admit it. The Failing never correct their Fake Reporting!
The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World. Other countries are way behind us in Testing, and therefore show far fewer cases!
THANK YOU MICHAEL!
Thank you and
But I love Diamond Silk, and so do millions of people!
Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by
Many States moving to SAFELY QUICKLY reopen!
We are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!
Because Shifty is a crooked politician!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 530 P.M. Thank you!
Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states like Illinois, as example and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?
FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!
Blame the Democrats for any lateness in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.
So true!
American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems, who were all against the BAN.
Great!
They are one of the worst in the news business. Total slime balls!
They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th., I will be there!
Laura, just another Fake News Report!
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble not Nobel Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals. Does sarcasm ever work?
Reports that H.H.S. Secretary is going to be fired by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!
....fraud and others who are even worse. Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching in record numbers thank you President Trump, are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!
....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire debate questions to Crooked Hillary....
. just doesnt get whats happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News MSDNC wouldnt let participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings Democrat Debates.....
....Lawsuits should be brought against all, including the Fake News Organizations, to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there, do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!
....to the REAL REPORTERS JOURNALISTS who got it right. I can give the Committee a very comprehensive list. When will the Noble Committee DEMAND the Prizes back, especially since they were gotten under fraud? The reporters and Lamestream Media knew the truth all along....
When will all of the reporters who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia, Russia, Russia, only to have been proven totally wrong and, in fact, it was the other side who committed the crimes, be turning back their cherished Nobles so that they can be given....
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night read see that I am angrily eating a hamburger Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, havent left the White House in many months except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing about my work....
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am the hardest working President in history. I dont know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 12 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night read see that I am angrily eating a hamberger Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, havent left the White House in many months except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing about my work.....
. Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from
. Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from
Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!
Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 1015 A.M. Eastern for Sunday Mass celebrated by at St. Patricks Cathedral in New York City. Join me
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!
Remember, the Cure cant be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time effort!
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt sick!
If the Wall Street Journal Editorial writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night. You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a Hoax, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with one person from China, and then grew, will be a Miracle end!
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than all major countries combined!
It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!
Many testing sites are, and have been, open available. Just passed 5 Million Tests, far more than any other country in the world. In fact, more than all other major countries combined! Dont believe the Fake News!
Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor!
. is a total winner!
Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on describing some of the most beautiful land in the world!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 530 P.M. Thank you!
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and were going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted ATT, which owns and presides over Fake News is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage network do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
I or never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia USA!
Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. Shes smart and strong, knows the truth. Already a heroine to many!
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
Important news!
Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party!
Governor is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life, the Second Amendment, and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim, America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio! He defends our Borders, Supports our Veterans, Strong on Crime, and the Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida. He is a big supporter of our Agenda Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement. Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio! He will help us Hes Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, will Protect our Vets, and our GREAT Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio! He will always Protect your Defend our Borders, and Support Small Business a great supporter of the Agenda. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He is Tough on Crime, our Border, Second Amendment, and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio! Hes a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Supports Small Business. Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
....My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy. Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big supporter of our Agenda Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Law Enforcement....
Congressman John Curtis gets things done for Utah! John fights for Small Businesses, will Lower your Taxes, and will protect your Second Amendment. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Chris Stewart is a tremendous fighter for Utah. He served our Country in the U.S. Air Force, and has been a strong supporter of our Agenda....
....Hes 100 pro-life, strong on and Loves our Military and Vets. Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Warren Davidson is working very hard for the people of Ohio! Hes a strong supporter of our Military, Vets, Second Amendment, and Agenda. Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
....Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Bill Johnson is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! Hes a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans, Supports Small Business, and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 545 P.M. Thank you!
Fully signed and ready to go!
Please study this closely. We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus!
We did it once, we will quickly do it a second time!
Thank you to Harvard and all others!
. We now have many Ventilators to spare. Thank you to all!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 545 P.M. Thank you!
CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement.
Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats. Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading, and the Fake News loves it!
Sleepy Joe thought this was OK. Not me!
I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
States are safely coming back. Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again. Special care is, and always will be, given to our beloved seniors except me!. Their lives will be better than ever...WE LOVE YOU ALL!
Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post. Cindy is 90, but looks 39 to me. She is going strong!
I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime, even without this order, our Southern Border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall 27,000 Mexican soldiers, is very tight - including for human trafficking!
Economic impact of Covid-19. Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!
Harvard should give back the money now. Their whole endowment system should be looked at!
Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice, Tom Homan Defend the Border and Save Lives Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis. Great guy, get your copy today!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 530 P.M. Thank you!
I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP, Hospitals, and Testing. After I sign this Bill, we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief....
....to StateLocal Governments for lost revenues from COVID 19, much needed Infrastructure Investments for Bridges, Tunnels, Broadband, Tax Incentives for Restaurants, Entertainment, Sports, and Payroll Tax Cuts to increase Economic Growth.
We will never let the great U.S. Oil Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!
96 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good great job in the handling of the Pandemic.
Ive had great ratings my whole life, theres nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are through the roofMonday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , but I dont care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either Im really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they dont have nearly the power as once thought!
Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as nuts as people are saying. Hes worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasnt worth the effort, his mind is shot!
Great Alan. They are Fake News!
7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases The greatest political scam in American history!
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
. will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman Loves our Military, and Vets...
...He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Turn your Ballots in now and track them, watching for dishonesty. Report to Law Enforcement.
....He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and Second Amendment. Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin, is a big Tax Cutter, and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Vote for Tom Tiffany!
Tom Tiffany is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin WI07. We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 530 P.M. Thank you!
... Testing, Testing, Testing, again playing a very dangerous political game. States, not the Federal Government, should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done. This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators!
Last month all you heard from the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats was, Ventilators, Ventilators, Ventilators. They screamed it loud clear, thought they had us cold, even though it was the States task. But everyone got their Vs, with many to spare. Now they scream....
Received a very nice call from of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. Good things happening!
Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon.
BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH!
White House News Conference at 545. Thank you!
Thank you to my boy!
On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate, in Las Vegas. Three words werent said Virus, CoronaVirus, or COVID19. NEVER came up!
Great book by
. Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly, but, if I took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me its about lives the future of our Country!
Nervous Nancy is an inherently dumb person. She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax. She will be overthrown, either by inside or out, just like her last time as Speaker. Wallace are on a bad path, watch!
Just like I was right on Ventilators our Country is now the King of Ventilators, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!, I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!
Great credit must be given to and all of those that are helping our States make it big!
Look forward to this!
CONGRATULATIONS
Great new book out by Revolution Trump, Washington, and We the People. Get your copy today!
Will be online tomorrow morning at 1030am Eastern watching from Baptist in Dallas, Texas. You can join us at
China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly. They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the U.S. back, and much more. Joe is an easy mark, their DREAM CANDIDATE!
I gave up on Drudge a really nice guy long ago, as have many others. People are dropping off like flies!
The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media, by far, is sources say, or officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity, or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesnt even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!
....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!
....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including its over, could have made....
No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats, no matter how GREAT a job you are doing, they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative, even in a time of crisis. I thought it would be different, but its not. In fact, its even worse...
Great news, thank you!
Thank you great job!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 500 P.M. Thank you!
Really nice to see this and, what a great pick!
John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan!
Spending the morning speaking to and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also, spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland, South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!
An incompetent political hack! Come back to Washington take care of our great American workers.
This is a disgraceful situation!
Lamestream Media is only getting worse!
Cut him off now!
Great book. Get it and support Charlie!
They are Fake News Losers!
White House news conference today at 600 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Cuomo ridiculously wanted 40 thousand Ventilators. We gave him a small fraction of that number, and it was plenty. State should have had them in stockpile!
The States have to step up their TESTING!
China has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy. It is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!
BidenObama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also, dont forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
....testing that you should be doing. We have given New York far more money, help and equipment than any other state, by far, these great men women who did the job never hear you say thanks. Your numbers are not good. Less talk and more action!
Governor Cuomo should spend more time doing and less time complaining. Get out there and get the job done. Stop talking! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didnt need or use, gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had, and helped you with....
LIBERATE VIRGINIA, and save your great 2nd Amendment. It is under siege!
LIBERATE MICHIGAN!
LIBERATE MINNESOTA!
Today people started losing their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi, Cryin Chuck Schumer, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, who should immediately come back to Washington and approve legislation to help families in America. End your ENDLESS VACATION!
....in January and February, as the Virus spread globally? Why did the W.H.O. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? Lanhee Chen, Hoover Institution Fellow
Why did the W.H.O. Ignore an email from Taiwanese health officials in late December alerting them to the possibility that CoronaVirus could be transmitted between humans? Why did the W.H.O. make several claims about the CoronaVirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading....
THANK GOD FOR TRUCKERS!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi deleted this from her Twitter account. She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after I closed the BORDER TO CHINA. Based on her statement, she is responsible for many deaths. Shes an incompetent, third-rate politician!
Major News Conference tonight, the White House at 600 P.M. Eastern, to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN!
Democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program. They are killing American small businesses. Stop playing politics Dems! Support Refilling PPP NOW it is out of funds!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi, you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians, like yourself. She is totally incompetent controlled by the Radical Left, a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!
. Poll Gives President Trump a 52 Approval Rating in North Carolina, and a seven point lead over Sleepy Joe Biden. The President also helps other Republican Candidates, including who has a 4 lead over his Democrat rival.
White House news conference today at 530 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come!
My condolences to the Steinbrenner family, and the entire Organization, on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner. He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all!
Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina, just released a fantastic new book, OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS How Hard Work, Community, and Business Can Improve Lives and End Poverty. Get your copy today!
The Art of an Oil Deal
White House news conference today at 545 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere. Our military deployments in the Caribbean Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized!
Tell the Democrat Governors that Mutiny On The Bounty was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!
GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING, IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I.D., THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!
Cuomos been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the states responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. I got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want Independence! That wont happen!
The Democrats dont want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful Paycheck plan. Replenish Account Now!
My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late, great, Stanley Chera, one of Manhattans most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!
First the Fake News Media said that its not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences, but it is the only way I can reach the American People, as seen in the below poll.
White House news conference today at 500 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
....It is the decision of the President, and for many good reasons. With that being said, the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors, and this will continue. A decision by me, in conjunction with the Governors and input from others, will be made shortly!
For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states, not that of the President of the United States the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect....
....disaster, the Energy Industry will be strong again, far faster than currently anticipated. Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track, in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia.
Having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that OPEC is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day, not the 10 Million that is generally being reported. If anything near this happens, and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19.....
The story is a Fake, just like the paper itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. told me nothing until later, and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban see his statements. Fake News!
I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That part is easy, the hard part is WHY?
The story is a Fake, just like the paper itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. told me nothing until later, and memo was same as Ban see his statements. Fake News!
Thank you Paris!
Thank you!
I look forward to it also!
Great going Natalie!
Sorry Fake News, its all on tape. I banned China long before people spoke up. Thank you
Fake News!
Governors, get your states testing programs apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also, gear up with Face Masks!
The Opposition Party Lamestream Media and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, have put their political game plan in full swing. Whether he is right or wrong, it doesnt matter. Criticize Trump for everything, and dont let the public see Biden. Hide him.
If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing, with all their might, the fact that President Trump ignored early warnings about the threat, then why did Media Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China? They said early not necessary. Corrupt Media!
Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe, Chris Wallace, on I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Pressplease!, or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to Its a whole new ballgame over there!
The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!
For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning, and will win, the war on the Invisible Enemy!
Great businessman philanthropist Bernie Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!
Great businessman philanthropist Bernies Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!
HAPPY EASTER!
A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!
HAPPY EASTER!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern on
CryinChuck doesnt have a clue. Couldnt care less about the American Worker!
Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern on
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Governor of California has been very nice highly supportive about the great job we have done, working together, for California. That is the good news, but this is the bad. He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems, MSDNC etc. He is strong! Will he fold?
I will be watching. HAVE A GREAT EASTER!
The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesnt have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs Trade are losers for the U.S., but winners for other countries, including China. If we followed their standards, wed have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
So now the Fake News is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Watching on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives, like
The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job. When they say the death toll isnt going to be as high as reported, they the opposition act like theyre sad because its lower. I think they are Press Conferences wonderful. West Virginia Resident, C Span
Great editorial by
Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor at Church in Dallas, Texas tomorrow morning at 1020 AM Eastern.
WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!
....Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS.
When the Failing or Amazon writes a story saying unnamed sources said, or any such phrase where a persons name is not used, dont believe them. Most of these unnamed sources dont exist. They are made up to defame disparage. They have no source...
....economy was shuttered. This is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion. MACK MCLARTY, Clinton White House Chief of Staff. Thank you Mack. We will be bigger, better and stronger than ever before!
I think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. Its whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the....
Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan, and we are booming in North Dakota. Jim on C Span, Washington Journal. Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in!
Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday, Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout...NOT EVEN CLOSE! I havent heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact. FAKE NEWS!
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conferences are the highest, the Opposition Party Lamestream Media, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats , of course, the few remaining RINOS, are doing everything in their power to disparage end them. The Peoples Voice!
The White House Press Conference will take place today at 100 P.M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96. Thank you!
Not good Gregg, but it is what it is. Have to save the airlines!
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs Entertaiment is expected to flourish like never before!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts more. Big Economic Bounceback!
This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts more. Big Economic Bounceback!
Tim Scott is Great!
Thank you Frank. Its ABC Fake News. They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story!
Thank you Erin!
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!
I have directed to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now. I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable, strong, and safe....
The Wall Street Journal always forgets to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are through the roof Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale, according to is only way for me to escape the Fake News get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
Great News Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the more than 500,000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life. We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit!
. A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. Thats because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who cant get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100 Mail-In Voting, which is RIPE for FRAUD, and shouldnt be allowed!
This morning, 450,000 protective suits landed in Dallas, Texas. This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companiesDuPont and FedExand our friends in Vietnam. Thank you!
Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States, Israel, and around the world!
White House news conference at 530 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!
Cant see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe!
Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! Whats that all about?
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party, TRADE!
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
...the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to, of all sources, the Failing New York Times, Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale type numbers sadly, they get it $FREE. Trump Derangement Syndrome!
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I shouldnt be allowed to do them. They tried to shame.....
Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner!
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason, doesnt work out well for Republicans.
The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped. Good news!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern on Look forward to it.
White House news conference at 530 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Just had a conf call w major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses the I ask every company, big small, making announcements about innovative contributions, hiring new workers, or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with
Wisconsin, get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!
Why didnt the I.G., who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17,000 people died?, want to talk to the Admirals, Generals, V.P. others in charge, before doing her report. Another Fake Dossier!
The W.H.O. really blew it. For some reason, funded largely by the United States, yet very China centric. We will be giving that a good look. Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on. Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation?
Vote today, Tuesday, for highly respected Republican, Justice Daniel Kelly. Tough on Crime, loves your Military, Vets, Farmers, will save your 2nd Amendment. A BIG VOTE!
Great job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on
The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrows election will proceed as scheduled. VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow, and be safe!
White House news conference at 545 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan. So glad you are getting better!
Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a Virtual Convention, one where he doesnt have to show up. Gee, I wonder why? Also, what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me?
Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down. Washington Post is not much better. I cant say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information, to a level that few can understand, or the Virus is just plain beating them up. Fake News is bad for America!
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
USA STRONG!
Thank you Gayle. I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is. My Press Conferences are vital. They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth, havent been for years Witch-Hunts, Fake News!
For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People were dying no other countries would allow them to dock!
. To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.
White House news conference at 645 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy. It is tough and smart, but we are tougher and smarter!
I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while. May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting, depending on new information. Talks meetings today are proving promising, but a rough two weeks are coming up!
Thank you Gayle!
I agree!
A very biased journalist.
A great wonderful woman!
Corrected Fake News!
He wants to raise taxes all over our Country!
Disgraceful!
Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer. I will be tuning into Pastor at Church in Riverside, California tomorrow at 1100 A.M. Eastern.
....We will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever!
To all of our youth who are missing the start of their seasons, hang in there! We will get you back out on the fields, and know that you will be playing baseball soon....
The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores!
I will be holding a News Conference at 330 P.M. at the White House. Thank you!
. is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!
Good idea Dana!
Great!
I agree with this. Watch!
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. community banks are rocking!
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the if the allocated money runs out. So far, way ahead of schedule. community banks are rocking!
I fully agree!
Thank you Cory!
Great job being done by and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
The Paycheck Protection Program is now available! Small Business Guidance Loan Resources
Thank you and
Thank you keep up the great work!
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept!
Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin. Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your Tough on Crime, Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete Endorsement!
We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. P Act all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
.....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good GREAT news for everyone!
Just spoke to my friend MBS Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, who spoke with President Putin of Russia, I expect hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be GREAT for the oil gas industry!
The States have to get the money to the people who need it. And FAST!
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites are never satisfied politics?. Remember, we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
Somebody please explain to Cryin Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented Admiral, in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State, including hospitals a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining.....
...It wouldnt matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. Unlike other states, New York unfortunately got off to a late start. You should have pushed harder. Stop complaining find out where all of these supplies are going. Cuomo working hard!
Upon information and belief, Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops andor assets in Iraq. If this happens, Iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!
Congress must pass the old, and very strongly proven, deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment. This will bring restaurants, and everything related, back - and stronger than ever. Move quickly, they will all be saved!
30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
Great work thank you!
Will be starting The White House news conference at 515 P.M. Eastern.
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Great news! American families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
Thank you Mike!
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG BOLD, Two Trillion Dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
I watched a portion of low rated very Morning Psycho Joe this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say, what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country. Actually, other than her usual complaining that Im a terrible person, she wasnt bad. Still praying!
New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been very helpful. Thank you, everybody is working very hard!
White House news conference at 500 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
On we recognize the remarkable men women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the diseases illnesses we face, and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity, respect, and empathy they deserve.
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers HelpStimulus Bill by over a week, trying to add real junk into the Bill. Got some bad things, having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus, included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
Thank you Dr. Hahn the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor Great potential!
Will be interviewed on at 755 A.M. USA STRONG!
Will be starting The White House news conference at 530 P.M. Eastern.
So proud of the and the Federal Government for the 2,900 bed hospital they built in 4 days way ahead of schedule in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitalsbeds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on
I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen the United Kingdom. It was reported that Harry and Meghan, who left the Kingdom, would reside permanently in Canada. Now they have left Canada for the U.S. however, the U.S. will not pay for their security protection. They must pay!
Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans. You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home. The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice. We love you!
...The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus. Michael M. Grynbaum
...On Monday, nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trumps briefing on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC, according to Nielsen Monday Night Football numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC, CBS, NBC and online streaming sites, and the audience is expanding. On Monday, Fox News...
...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the presidents briefing an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of The Bachelor. Numbers are continuing to rise...
Because the Ratings of my News Conferences etc. are so high, Bachelor finale, Monday Night Football type numbers according to the the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. Trump is reaching too many people, we must stop him. said one lunatic. See you at 500 P.M.!
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasnt figured that out yet!
The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor there is a company in Ohio, which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals, we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year.... and then the Virus came along. We were breaking all records, especially on employment. It will all come roaring back again, and fast!
Highly recommended by Governor of Ohio. must move quickly!
Will be doing a press conference today at 500 P.M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!
....Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force, and upon consultation with the Governors of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, I have asked the to issue a strong Travel Advisory, to be administered by the Governors, in consultation with the....
With the courage of our doctors and nurses, with the skill of our scientists and innovators, with the determination of the American People, and with the grace of God, WE WILL WIN THIS WAR. When we achieve this victory, we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before!
I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing hot spots, New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. A decision will be made, one way or another, shortly.
Heading to the Great State of Virginia now, will be there shortly. The is loaded to the gills at Naval Station Norfolk, departing for New York City this afternoon.
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent far reaching is the fact that corrupt journalists base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story. When you see, five sources say, dont believe the story, it is....
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous corrupt people, who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
Thank you James!
More Fake News!
Such Fake reporting by the others. They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean. They really are corrupt and disgusting. No wonder the media is, according to polls, record setting low untrusted.
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen Half Whitmer is way in over her head, she doesnt have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude!
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen Half Whitmer is way in over her ahead, she doesnt have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude!
She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going. A Fake News journalist.
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will WIN!
I just signed the CARES Act, the single biggest economic relief package in American History twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted. At $2.2 Trillion Dollars, this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nations families, workers, and businesses.
News conference live from the today. 530 P.M. Eastern!
Thank you to Rachel for putting our Military on full display, and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing! Also, a special thanks to General Semonite, a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder!
News conference live from the today. 500 P.M. Eastern!
Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 400 P.M. Eastern!
Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor! Very impressed!
Thousand of Federal Government delivered Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times ALL THE NEWS THATS NOT FIT TO PRINT that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They maximum delay even the best candidates, including Judges, leaving little time!
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
Invoke P means Defense Production Act!
General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio, or some other plant, and START MAKING VENTILATORS, NOW!!!!!! FORD, GET GOING ON VENTILATORS, FAST!!!!!!
As usual with this General Motors, things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed Ventilators, very quickly. Now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late April, and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke P.
Thank you Byron. Many polls are much better than this. If it is the Fake News add 10 points!
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats, do nothing Kentucky politician is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win But dont worry, we will win anyway!. He is a disaster for America, and for the Great State of Kentucky!
... costly. Workers small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasnt their fault. It is HELL dealing with the Dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the big picture done. 90 GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE, but throw Massie out of Republican Party!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named a Congressman from, unfortunately, a truly GREAT State, Kentucky, wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress. He just wants the publicity. He cant stop it, only delay, which is both dangerous......
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet. China has been through much has developed a strong understanding of the Virus. We are working closely together. Much respect!
Will be interviewed on at 910 P.M.
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
Our great Oil Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again. Vital that it does for our National Security!
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
I will be doing a News Conference live from the at 500 P.M. Eastern to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 755 A.M. by World Teleconference. Also, my 1200 P.M. Teleconference call w50 Governors, plus Territories, will be discussed.
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!
....I have been packed all day with meetings, I have no time for stupidity. Were working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House, wondering out loud, when will life return to normal? Does anybody really believe that? There was no leak, they made it up they are CORRUPT FAKE NEWS....
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP. We will be stronger than ever before!
Today is National Join me in a to remember those who have earned our Nations highest award for valor in combat. The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for Americas values and the American way of life!
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and the IOC, on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success, and I look forward to being there!
The four hospitals that we FEMA are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well, ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!
Just reported that the United States has done far more testing than any other nation, by far! In fact, over an eight day span, the United States now does more testing than what South Korea which has been a very successful tester does over an eight week span. Great job!
The Democrats Best Finest!
Gee, thats too bad. Such a fine guy. Presidential aspirations you know!
This is really great news! I am so happy I can barely speak. He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse U.S. Senator, but he is a RINO, and I like him a lot!
I am working very hard to help New York City State. Dealing with both Mayor Governor and producing tremendously for them, including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I wont help them because I dont like Cuomo I do. Just sent 4000 ventilators!
President Trumps decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.
TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL!
Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country. In many ways, it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself. A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats. Hopefully it will be approved!
Will be doing a Town Hall on at 1205 P.M. Now. I will go on around 100 P.M. Enjoy!
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else, and Seniors will be watched over protectively lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE by far THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
Congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. The longer it takes, the harder it will be to start up our economy. Our workers will be hurt!
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
The Defense Production Act is in full force, but havent had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
Keep Charlie Number One. Great Book!
Thank you Kirstie!
Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews!
A respected coal miner and great dad! Rest In Peace!
The Media is hopeless. Too bad!
Thank you Tony!
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
This will never be approved by me, or any other Republican!
The HillHarrisX 61 to 39 Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders Green New Deal. Republicans shouldnt agree!
....us since the beginning of this crisis. They meant the opposite? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China and Europe very early, long before it was considered acceptable to do so. Sleepy Joe said I was xenophobic, but I saved thousands of lives! Fake News!
This is the way the finished a story on me. You can see the contrast between the steady, assured, informed and strong leadership that VP Biden Sleepy Joe has shown, and the bungling, chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr. not Pres. Trump has shown....
....is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States, and all around the world. They are amazing people, and the spreading of the Virus....
A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places!
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got worse worse, until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
STRONG UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
Robert, we will end up stronger than ever before. Thank you!
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue, as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
I watch and listen to the Fake News, CNN, MSDNC, ABC, NBC, CBS, some of FOX desperately foolishly pleading to be politically correct, the the and all I see is hatred of me at any cost. Dont they understand that they are destroying themselves?
My friend always there when Ive needed him!, Senator was just tested positive from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 500 P.M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
The hard working men and women of are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need. Your work is critical to the health of our nation, keep it up!
. Governor of Illinois, and a very small group of certain other Governors, together with Fake News Concast MSDNC, shouldnt be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings. We are there to back you up should you fail, and always will be!
Working very well with States and our Nations Governors.
Thank you to Fred Smith and for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
Ford, General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, FAST! Go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are?
So true!
That doesnt sound like Michael, does it?
Maria is Great!
Thank you
Thank you David, so true!
Thank you!
CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK
White House News Conference at 1230 P.M. Thank you!
....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH H works better with A, International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents.....
Great story. Thank you to Mr. Young of Jonesboro, Arkansas!
Today I spoke with our Nations Small Businesses, which employ nearly half of Americas workforce. We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers. We will always protect our Small Businesses!
A Great Guy!
Steve is one of the very best in the Senate. He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1, and was sent packing. Had to be talked into this run by Schumer. Bad for 2nd A! I strongly Endorse
Americas Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG! Many of the Nations distillers, large and small, are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight THANK YOU!
THANK YOU to our Police Officers, Fire Fighters, and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
THANK YOU!
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
We are going to WIN, sooner rather than later!
STRONG UNITED, WE WILL PREVAIL!
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this TOGETHER!
Thank you
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help, America will WIN.
I want all Americans to understand we are at war with an invisible enemy, but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...
...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists and it cannot beat the LOVE, PATRIOTISM, and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United, WE WILL PREVAIL!
15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD!
Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe!
We will be, by mutual consent, temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic. Trade will not be affected. Details to follow!
....Also, according to the Daily Caller, leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida, 48 to 42.
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, 53 overall. Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake Corrupt News, day and night. Russia, Russia, Russia, then the Ukraine Scam wheres the Whistleblower?, the Impeachment Hoax, and more, more, more....
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, far ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGAKAG
The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters. Bernie has given up, just like he did last time. He will be dropping out soon! MAGAKAG
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the borders from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful false!
I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus!
I will totally protect your Medicare Social Security!
For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies, for instance the shutting down of hotels, bars and restaurants, money will soon be coming to you. The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault! Will be stronger than ever!
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen!
Failing Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
Cuomo wants all states to be treated the same. But all states arent the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus, some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big hotspot, West Virginia has, thus far, zero cases. Andrew, keep politics out of it....
The Times is a disgrace to journalism!
Great news Lindsey!
The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries, like Airlines and others, that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus. We will be stronger than ever before!
I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials. TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge!
Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort!
Just had a very good tele-conference with Nations Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to do more.
Just had a very good tele-conference with Nationss Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to do more.
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
God Bless the USA!
I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. Thats what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
The individual Governors of States, and local officials, must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights, working in conjunction with and the Federal Government!
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these, they are not truthful. Watch for their apology, it wont happen. More importantly, thank you to Google!
So now it is reported that, after destroying his life the life of his wonderful family and many others also, the FBI, working in conjunction with the Justice Department, has lost the records of General Michael Flynn. How convenient. I am strongly considering a Full Pardon!
Cant believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court, and our two great Justices. If a Republican did that, there would be an endless price to pay. Pathetic!
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House, 5 P.M. We are working closely with the Governors of our Countrys great States, which are a very big factor. They are working hard, along with us, to get the job properly done.....
....The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time, but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports. Pardon the interruptions and delays, we are moving as quickly as possible, but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful. We must get it right. Safety first!
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you!
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
Great Job by Judicial Watch. Potentially a treasure trove. Too bad you are not given more help, but it will all work out!
This took place in the Rose Garden, just coming out of a cold Winter!
Amazing how the Fake News never covers this. No Interest on Student Loans. The Dems are just talk!
Thank you Sara. Keep writing, great talent!
Thank you!
Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer. I will be tuning in to Pastor at the Church in Gainesville, Georgia at 1100 AM EDT. God Bless the USA!
The has published guidelines on to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves, their families and their communities.
Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19.
COVID-19 UPDATE
THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY!
Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room, news conference coming up shortly.
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
SOCIAL DISTANCING!
Attending meetings on Covid-19 in the White House. Working with States and local governments, many of whom have done a great job. Full report latter!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
Larry, I am not surprised that Candace was great. I would only be surprised if she wasnt great!
Good teamwork between Republicans Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones, I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority, resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people.
....the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill, ASAP!
....the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt. I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES! I will always put....
I fully support H.R. 6201 Families First CoronaVirus Response Act, which will be voted on in the House this evening. This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests, and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers. I have directed....
Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth...We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need, and that they are entitled to. No resource will be spared.
....No matter where you may be, I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together, we will easily PREVAIL!
It is my great honor to declare Sunday, March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that, throughout our history, has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
At my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days. It is a great and important industry it will be kept that way!
We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need. No resource will be spared!
To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort, today I am officially declaring a National Emergency.
I will be having a news conference today at 300 P.M., The White House. Topic CoronaVirus!
To this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also, STIMULATE!
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year, December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut, ready to go!
For decades the looked at, and studied, its testing system, but did nothing about it. It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic, but a pandemic would never happen, they hoped. President Obama made changes that only complicated things further.....
The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Bidens remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency, and that killed 12,000 Americans.
Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings a 78 Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was lowest!
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem, some of which we are helping!
KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO....
KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO....
KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY, STAFF, AND STUDENTS TO....
KEEPING THE HOME SAFE, ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO....
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to, and happened with, the illegal attempted coup of the duly elected President of the United States, and others!
Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesnt like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck, youre going to take home more money.
Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats, and please remember, very important for all countries businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from Europe. The restriction stops people not goods.
The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength. We have a common enemy, actually, an enemy of the World, the CoronaVirus. We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible. There is nothing more important to me than the life safety of the United States!
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 900 P.M. Eastern from the Oval Office.
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!
....We have the greatest healthcare system, experts, scientists and doctors anywhere in the world. Together, we will PREVAIL!
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock, in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check for updates, and follow all recommendations that are available....
....Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesnt care what party you are in. We need to protect ALL Americans!
Vanity Fair Magazine, which will soon be out of business, and their third rate Fake reporters, who make up sources which dont exist, wrote yet another phony boring hit piece. The facts are just the opposite. Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus!
Thank you Gavin. Team is doing a great job!
THANK YOU IDAHO!
Pocahontas, working in conjunction with the Democrat Party, totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders. If she would have quit 3 days earlier, Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route, it wouldnt even have been close. They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe!
THANK YOU WASHINGTON!
THANK YOU NORTH DAKOTA!
....which is under siege, is strong on Crime and the Border, and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville, a winner, has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
Tommy Tuberville is running for the U.S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGAKAG, or our Country, down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment....
THANK YOU MICHIGAN!
THANK YOU MISSOURI!
THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI!
Best unemployment numbers in the history of our Country. Best employment number EVER, almost 160 million people working right now. Vote Republican, unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
If you like automobiles, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
If you like automobils, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
Great meeting on Capitol Hill with the
Thank you
Ronald Reagans great economist, the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut!
Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job. Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary!
Nancy Pelosi just said, I dont know if we can be ready this week. In other words, its off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats. Thats been the story with them for 1 12 years!
There is another Russia, Russia, Russia meeting today. It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff, so I wouldnt expect too much!
The Federal Reserve must be a leader, not a very late follower, which it has been!
Our pathetic, slow moving Federal Reserve, headed by Jay Powell, who raised rates too fast and lowered too late, should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. They now have as much as a two point advantage, with even bigger currency help. Also, stimulate!
Well deserved Jack. A great honor!
True, with number 1 being more important!
Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie!
Polls say they BOTH lose to Trump.
Wow! blew away the competition of Morning Joke which did very poorly on MSDNC Another Comcast sleaze production, and New Day, in the Morning Television Ratings. A total blowout, but thats what you get when you treat Trump fairly!
Going up fast. We need the Wall more than ever!
Fake News!!
Oklahoma, Vote for your GREAT Senator Today. Nobody better than Jim!
THANK YOU, Jim, for your incredible support of our Agenda! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Great State of Oklahoma and you have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi. He strongly supports our Agenda. Steven will continue to protect your Support our INCREDIBLE Vets Military. Steven has my Complete Endorsement. VOTE for Steven tomorrow, March 10th!
Congressman Michael Guest is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is strong on Crime and the Border, he loves our Military and Vets. Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow, March 10th!
So last year 37,000 Americans died from the common Flu. It averages between 27,000 and 70,000 per year. Nothing is shut down, life the economy go on. At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus, with 22 deaths. Think about that!
Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. That, and the Fake News, is the reason for the market drop!
Good for the consumer, gasoline prices coming down!
So much FAKE NEWS!
The BEST decision made was the toughest of them all - which saved many lives. Our VERY early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world!
Great job being done by the and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
The ObamaBiden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
Trump has outmastered the Deep State. Hes light years ahead of us. MSDNC. I disagree. We have a long way to go. There are still some very bad, sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country In fact, they hate our Country!.
Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia, Russia, Russia. They are driving him Crazy!
Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T. He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. The DNC is doing it to Bernie again! Will he ever get angry?
Cryin Chuck Schumer said, You will pay the price for this. You wont know what HIT YOU. That is far beyond simple rhetoric. That is a physical threat, or at least a threat that you better vote for us. Trouble ahead!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, is doing everything within its semi-considerable power it used to be greater! to inflame the CoronaVirus situation, far beyond what the facts would warrant. Surgeon General, The risk is low to the average American.
A great book, support Charlie, BUY IT! Already Number One.
Working hard Lori!
There are no mixed messages, only political weaponization by people like you and your brother, Fredo!
Who knows what this means, but it sounds good to me!
The New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism. They were a dead paper before I went into politics, and they will be a dead paper after I leave, which will be in 5 years. Fake News is the Enemy of the people!
We have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the White House for our attack on CoronaVirus. We moved VERY early to close borders to certain areas, which was a Godsend. V.P. is doing a great job. The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to make us look bad. Sad!
Thank you
.....least 5 States the Nomination. Did the DNC Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait? If so, they were deadly, the race would have been over, Bernie would have won. Dirty double dealing? Nobody knows for sure, history will be the judge. But I say, here we go AGAIN, Bernie!
We have now learned for sure that the Democrats dont want anything to do with Crazy Bernie. Rigged? First quit the race come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday. Pocahontas says NO quits race AFTER ELECTION, thereby depriving Bernie of at..
I agree with Joe!
Thank you to the Great State of Tennessee. We are with you all the way!
Thank you and My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee. Together, we will prevail!
....I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well. He will become the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. Thank you!
I am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff. I have long known and worked with Mark, and the relationship is a very good one....
Congratulations to
Thank you We are a phone call away, and here for you!
My Administration is with you all of the way, Tennessee. We love you!
Spoke to Governor early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the California Coast. CoronaVirus test kits have been delivered, testing is taking place now.
It is FAKE NEWS that is sidelined from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force. He has the total confidence of the and myself, and is doing a fantastic job, as the numbers would indicate!
I will protect your Social Security and Medicare, just as I have for the past 3 years. Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order, and he wont even know hes doing it!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!!!
Thanks Linda, but they were really good last night!
Thank you!
My great honor!
Thank you Audrey!
The WALL is well under construction. So far were up to 129 miles, and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed!
We have appointed 220 Federal Judges and two Supreme Court Justices. PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
Thank you David, a lifelong Democrat from Pennsylvania. We will continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
Thank you Scranton, Pennsylvania. It was a great evening!
Tonights Fox News Town Hall with and will rebroadcast at 1100 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
Thank you Nan!
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu, where nearly 13,000 people died in the U.S., was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC lightweight Washington failure who the President was then?
The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country. This is just more Fake News. We are investing greatly in our schools, and always will!
Mini Mike, youre easy!
With approximately 100,000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide, and 3,280 deaths, the United States, because of quick action on closing our borders, has, as of now, only 129 cases 40 Americans brought in and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.
Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, who was going nowhere except into Mini Mikes head, just dropped out of the Democrat Primary...THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie, at least, Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
. Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates. Sadly, I didnt get that information from the Fake News Media. They dont report those things, or the far more than Dems cumulative votes, despite no opposition!
I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation, especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China, despite strong opposition to that decision. Thank you Tom!
Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court!
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats, in particular MSDNC. Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly, only looking to do harm to the incredible successful effort being made!
As per recent Federal Court ruling, the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities. They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary. Do not protect criminals!
I will be interviewed by on at 910 P.M.
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
There can be few things worse in a civilized, law abiding nation, than a United States Senator openly, and for all to see and hear, threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices. This is what Chuck Schumer just did. He must pay a severe price for this!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
This is a direct dangerous threat to the U.S. Supreme Court by Schumer. If a Republican did this, he or she would be arrested, or impeached. Serious action MUST be taken NOW!
Thank you, keep up the great work!
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means and will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means and will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. Eastern on Enjoy!
Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg, along with his wacky friend, Tom Steyer, have found out the hard way that you cant buy the election! They both wish they had it to do over again!
Today, it was my great honor to address the Legislative Summit. With the hard work, love devotion of millions of incredible Hispanic-Americans, our Country is thriving, our people are prospering, and our future has never looked brighter!
Mini Mike, Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump, and I failed miserably!.
Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim OBrien, and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS. This has been the worst, and most embarrassing, experience of his life...and now on to Sleepy Joe!
Mini Mike Bloomberg just quit the race for President. I could have told him long ago that he didnt have what it takes, and he would have saved himself a billion dollars, the real cost. Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joes campaign, hoping to save face. It wont work!
The Mayor of Los Angeles, is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless, and the horrendous effects it is having on the City, which is a mess. I then watch him talk trash on me!
Wow! If Elizabeth Warren wasnt in the race, Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas, not to mention various other states. Our modern day Pocahontas wont go down in history as a winner, but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER!
The great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator He is doing an incredible job! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be, please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way, last night I was 20 for 20 per WE NEED STEVE!
I will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday. The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100, whatever they need! The tornadoes were of record size velocity. God bless your loved ones all of the families affected! Thanks to
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
This is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed Attorney General of the United States then doesnt have the wisdom or courage to stare down end the phony Russia Witch Hunt. Recuses himself on FIRST DAY in office, and the Mueller Scam begins!
So selfish for Elizabeth Warren to stay in the race. She has Zero chance of even coming close to winning, but hurts Bernie badly. So much for their wonderful liberal friendship. Will he ever speak to her again? She cost him Massachusetts and came in third, he shouldnt!
The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders, AGAIN! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts. It was a perfect storm, with many good states remaining for Joe!
THANK YOU CALIFORNIA!
THANK YOU UTAH!
But they really knew who was going to win!
Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren, other than Mini Mike, was the loser of the night. She didnt even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts. Well, now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
The biggest loser tonight, by far, is Mini Mike Bloomberg. His political consultants took him for a ride. $700 million washed down the drain, and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike, and the complete destruction of his reputation. Way to go Mike!
THANK YOU ARKANSAS!
THANK YOU MINNESOTA!
THANK YOU COLORADO!
THANK YOU TEXAS!
THANK YOU MAINE!
THANK YOU TENNESSEE!
THANK YOU MASSACHUSETTS!
THANK YOU OKLAHOMA!
THANK YOU ALABAMA!
THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA!
THANK YOU VERMONT!
Mini Mike, dont lick your dirty fingers. Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself!
The National Institutes of Health is home to some of the greatest doctors, scientists, and researchers in the world. Thank you for all your doing keep up the great work!
I am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks. When I sign it into law, it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands. ALL thanks to and two GREAT Conservative Leaders!
I commend the hard work of Senator and in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come. The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both!
It was my great honor to address the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference where 1,200 County Leaders whose incredible devotion, talent, and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans each and every day.
The Federal Reserve is cutting but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countriescompetitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
The Federal Reserve is cuting but must further ease and, most importantly, come into line with other countriescompetitors. We are not playing on a level field. Not fair to USA. It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD. More easing and cutting!
Prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in Tennessee. We will continue to monitor the developments. The Federal Government is with you all of the way during this difficult time.
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker!
New book by already number 1, The MAGA Doctrine. Really great, SUPPORT CHARLIE KIRK. Buy now!
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker!
Go Admiral Ronny!
Texas Oklahoma Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling, fracking and pipelines. Petroleum based anything is dead. Energy jobs gone. Dont vote for Mini Mike!
Australias Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for Chinas Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5, a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
....paying higher rates than many others, when we should be paying less. Tough on our exporters and puts the USA at a competitive disadvantage. Must be the other way around. Should ease and cut rate big. Jerome Powell led Federal Reserve has called it wrong from day one. Sad!
Australias Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for Chinas Coronavirus situation and slowdown. They reduced to 0.5, a record low. Other countries are doing the same thing, if not more so. Our Federal Reserve has us....
Thank you Were with you all the way. The American people know whats going on, they totally get it. Watch what happens in November 2020! Thank you for your continued support. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
WOW! Sleepy Joe doesnt know where he is, or what hes doing. Honestly, I dont think he even knows what office hes running for!
The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut. Great for the middle class, great for the USA!
This is an incredible time for our nationwe are in the midst of the Great American Comeback! Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, poverty is plummeting, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military. PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte, North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country, cherish our values, respect our laws, and always put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you for a wonderful evening!!
WOW! Thank you, just landed, see everyone soon!
Departing for the Great State of North Carolina!
They are staging a coup against Bernie!
THANK YOU!
Michelle is running for Congress in Minnesota. Michelle will protect the unborn, is Strong on Crime Borders, Cutting Taxes, your Loves our Military, Vets, will stand w our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Kay has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our Agenda. Shes strong on and Securing our Border and is 100 pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Michelle is running for Congress in Minnesota. Nicole is Strong on Crime and Borders, Cutting Taxes, your Loves our Military, Vets, and will stand with our Great Farmers. Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
THANK YOU for all of your support with our Agenda. You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana the U.S.A. You have my Complete and Total Endorsement!
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!
. is working hard pushing the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be, unlike their competitors, MSDNC Comcast, Fair Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave permission to partake in their low rated debates!
....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading, not following!
As usual, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest Rate. We dont, putting us at a.....
Jack Welch, former Chairman and CEO of GE, a business legend, has died. There was no corporate leader like neutron Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife family!
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didnt have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm vigilant!
Ever since Mini Mike Bloombergs bad debate performances, his support has dropped. Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants, who are laughing all the way to the bank, still support him...And by the way, he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray.
Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding, the best. Thank you!
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 1100 P.M. on Amazing!!! And, while youre at it, go get Charlies new book, The MAGA Doctrine The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future...This is a really GREAT book. Support Charlie Kirk!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game! Thank you.
Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year, wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday not up, and got his speaking location wrong again!
Thank you!
Thank you. I love you too!
The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them!
Mini Mike Bloomberg didnt bring NYC back, as he said in his fake ad. It was who brought NYC back and who also, with his endorsement, got Mini Mike elected with barely a thank you. A boring mayor who the people couldnt stand!
Pete Buttigieg is OUT. All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden. Great timing. This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION, AGAIN!
People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the MSDNC, and more. They no longer believe what they see and read, and for good reason. Fake News is, indeed, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Who better than who got to the bottom of the FISAGATE RUSSIAGATE HOAX. It makes a lot of sense to put John Ratcliffe in there DNI.The Senate should quickly approve him. John will do a great job for the American people!
A Poll in todays New York Post says that 77 of U.S. adults have confidence in their governments ability to handle the Coronavirus Number One, compared to other health threats. 64 for Zika, 58 for Ebola. Others way down on list. Our professionals are doing a great job!
The food is GREAT at Sammys Mexican Grill in Phoenix, Arizona. Congratulations to Betty Jorge Rivas on doing such a wonderful job. I will try hard to stop by the next time I am in Phoenix. Support Sammys!
Coronavirus In addition to screening travelers prior to boarding from certain designated high risk countries, or areas within those countries, they will also be screened when they arrive in America. Thank you!
.....a very dark and lonely path! Your reputation will never be the same!
Mini Mike Bloombergs consultants and so-called advisorshow did that advice work out? Dont ask!, are on the gravy train and all making a fortune for themselves pushing Mini hard, when they knew he never had what it takes. Dont pay them anymore Mike, they led you down....
I would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates Tom Steyer, or Mini Mike Bloombeg, would contribute to the Democrat Party, even against me, after the way they have been treated - laughed at mocked. The real politicians ate them up and spit them out!
Tom Steyer who, other than Mini Mike Bloomberg, spent more dollars for NOTHING than any candidate in history, quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the Democrat Clown Show. Go away Tom and save whatever little money you have left!
Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders, and take the nomination away from him!
Sleepy Joe Bidens victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloombergs Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates, Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters, taking many away!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Dana, you are the real deal!
THANK YOU
I will be having a 130 P.M. Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments. Thank you!
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA!
South Carolina was GREAT. A BIG REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD!
A so-called reporter named who bombed so badly in the 2016 Presidential Debates that I thought he was going to be immediately fired a Mini Mike type performance, is now with Fake News A total loser!
I hope we can get Admiral of Texas, who served our Country so well, into the runoff election in Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders, GREAT for our Military and Vets, and will protect your Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday, March 3rd!
Thank you to all of the incredible Law Enforcement Officers in South Carolina tonight. We love you!
It was my great honor to be back in South Carolina tonight, with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in Faith, Family, God and Country. Thank you for a beautiful evening!
I am pleased to announce the nomination of Congressman John Ratcliffe to be Director of National Intelligence DNI. Would have completed process earlier, but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished. John is an outstanding man of great talent!
On my way to the Great State of South Carolina. See everyone soon!
Nobody fights harder for Montana than Steve is a close friend of mine, a STRONG Conservative, and a tremendous supporter of our Agenda. He is strong on Crime Borders, GREAT for our Military Vets, will protect your Steve has my Complete Endorsement!
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics, which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were, perhaps, the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed Stop Frisk after swearing by it for years, and even recently. He horribly overused it, then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
We strongly stand with Terrence!
You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us. WHP580
Worst Polls, just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark, are the Polls. Why doesnt Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
To the people of South Carolina, Tom Steyer is a joke, laughed at by everyone, a total incompetent. He made money in coal, now he hates coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance, a loser for South Carolina, doesnt deserve your vote!
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight, 700 P.M., for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities. In other words, there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement ICE. This is BIG NEWS! Funds will be cut off immediately. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax, anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early BORDER FLIGHT closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus. Dems called it VERY wrong!
So, the Coronavirus, which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world, but very slowly in the U.S. because President Trump closed our border, and ended flights, VERY EARLY, is now being blamed, by the Do Nothing Democrats, to be the fault of Trump.
So nice!
Diagnosis positive is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. Im calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesnt choose sides. Like I say, they are Fake News!
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates, that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is, he was not true to himself, and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U.S., China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting their time on the Impeachment Hoax, anything they could do to make the Republican Party look bad, while I was busy calling early boarder flight closings, putting us way ahead in our battle with the Coronavirus. Dems called it very wrong!
Anti-Trump Network doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesnt blame President Trump. Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
They spied on my campaign!
. R of Texas-08 loves Texas our Country. He has been a GREAT Congressman supporter of Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and your 2A, he is the best Tax Cutter in D.C. Kevin has my Complete Total Endorsement. Vote on March 3rd. Thank you!
Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA! Hardly even recognizable.
My two great friends. Proud of you both!
Eric, I can live with that!
Piers, I like you too!
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing.
Big Story, Big Win - Except in the Fake News, which wont cover it!
....during a debate. Pocahontas was mean, undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They dont know how to handle her, but I know she is a chocker. Steyer was a disaster who, along with Mini, are setting records in $s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady, but helped greatly by his many commercials which are not supposed to be allowed....
I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 600 P.M. CDC representatives, and others, will be there. Thank you!
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC Comcast are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible, including panicking markets, if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk, no action. USA in great shape!
Just landed. India was great, trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today. and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
U.S. acted on the Coronavirus very, very quickly. Gordon Chang
Thank you!
Russia wants him to win!
An absolute disgrace!
52 in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a really poor, and even incompetent, job. Not fair, but it is what it is. So far, by the way, we have not had one death. Lets keep it that way!
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world. It was opposed by the Dems, too soon, but turned out to be the correct decision. No matter how well we do, however, the.....
That is because they cover your favorite President relatively well. MSDNC are dying in the ratings!
No surprise!
True, but we are getting it all done!
A total miscarriage of justice!
There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case. Look at her background. She never revealed her hatred of Trump and Stone. She was totally biased, as is the judge. Roger wasnt even working on my campaign. Miscarriage of justice. Sad to watch!
Cryin Chuck Schumer is complaining, for publicity purposes only, that I should be asking for more money than $2.5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus. If I asked for more he would say it is too much. He didnt like my early travel closings. I was right. He is incompetent!
....on all Trump, or Trump related, matters! While elections have consequences, I only ask for fairness, especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Court!
Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices of being biased in favor of Trump. This is a terrible thing to say. Trying to shame some into voting her way? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a faker. Both should recuse themselves..
..It has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started Mueller Report, FISA, the leaking, lying more. Schiff should not have access to Intelligence, he is a corrupt pol. Amazing that they went to Bernie Sanders, but not to President Trump.
U.S. Intelligence official overstated assessment of Russian efforts to help Trump. They supposedly told Crazy Bernie that Russia was looking at him, not me. This is all a big scam between Intel and the Democrats. They want Bernie OUT, hate Trump.
Spelled
Great new book just out, Taken for Granted, How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed, by Gianni Caldwell, a young winner! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library, Simi Valley, California, on Thursday at 6 PM, PT. Check it out!
Totally correct!
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA. We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries. CDC World Health have been working hard and very smart. Stock Market starting to look very good to me!
Set up by Schiffs lies leaks. Same with the Mueller Witch Hunt 3 years ago!
THANK YOU
Thank you Lori, so true!
, l
Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words We the people. That means that in America and India alike, we honor, respect, trust, empower, and fight for the citizens we proudly serve!
, , ...
8000 l - - l
, !
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record. 218 Federal Judges, also a Record. 2 Supreme Court Justices. Thank you!
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I have done far more for the African American community than any President. Secured funding for HBCUs, Criminal Justice Reform, Opportunity Zones, School Choice, Record Low Unemployment, and so much more. THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this. I I have done more
Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader that left the Do Nothing Democrats to better serve the Great people of New Jersey. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Are any Democrat operatives, the DNC, or Crooked Hillary Clinton, blaming Russia, Russia, Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada. If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report, Democrat Edition. Bob will get to the bottom of it!
Somebody please tell incompetent thanks for my high poll numbers corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or, even worse, made up information, to the Fake News Media. Someday he will be caught, that will be a very unpleasant experience!
Look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters on Saturday, February 29th!
Departing for India with Melania!
Just another Shifty Schiff leak. Isnt there a law about this stuff?
The Kremlin is reportedly backing Bernie Sanders bid to win the White House. Jon Scott Why didnt somebody tell me this?
Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada. Biden the rest look weak, no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates. Congratulations Bernie, dont let them take it away from you!
Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA!
Wow, great foresight!
Democrats in the Great State of Nevada Which, because of the Economy, Jobs, the Military Vets, I will win in November, be careful of Russia, Russia, Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff, they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
An investigation into NOTHING. The wonderful on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
Incredible people, great Rally!
Good luck Angela!
Simply put, he choked!
MSDNC Comcast Slime, and others of the Fake Media, have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers, along with Jill Stein of the Green Party, both agents of Russia, they say. But now they report President Putin wants Bernie or me to win.
....The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats, using disinformation Hoax number 7, dont want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination, and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. Its all rigged, again, against Crazy Bernie Sanders!
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy enthusiasm. We are welcoming Americans of all parties political persuasions to join our incredible movement to
THANK YOU Las Vegas, Nevada! I was delighted to be back in a state I love, with proud, hardworking PATRIOTS. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats, and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide!
ON MY WAY!
So has very bad ratings on with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still havent figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith, who also suffered from the ratings drought?
Highest Trump Poll Numbers EVER! Thank you!
Mitch and I have made great progress. Coming back fast!
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
Great!
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA, MEXICO, CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN, THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you, will be back soon!
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany, for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight, beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains, with thousands of terrific, hardworking American Patriots. With your help, this November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems, and we are going to WIN Colorado!
Wow, thank you on my way!!
Just arrived in Colorado, see everyone soon!
Could somebody at please explain to Trump hater A.B. Stoddard zero talent! and that I won every one of my debates, from beginning to end. Check the polls taken immediately after the debates. The debates got me elected. Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan!
It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the Hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today, where we reaffirmed that America is a nation that believes in REDEMPTION!
The real winner last night was Donald Trump. Mini Mike Bloomberg. I agree!
The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable.
I dont think theres any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump. Mini Mike Bloomberg. Mini, theres even less chance, especially after watching your debate performance last night, of you winning the Democrat nomination...But I hope you do!
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran. If a Republican did what they did, there would be very serious ramifications!
They say Roger Stone lied to Congress. OH, I see, but so did Comey and he also leaked classified information, for which almost everyone, other than Crooked Hillary Clinton, goes to jail for a long time, and so did Andy McCabe, who also lied to the FBI! FAIRNESS?
This makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night. Worst debate performance in history!
A really great moment!
This is the REAL Mini Mike. He admitted, many times, that he is a fan of Donald Trump. Hes a New York ICON. Thank you Mike!
. Jennifer Rubin, the wacko conservative of the must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late he is gone!
Mini Mike Bloombergs debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates, and there have been some really bad ones. He was stumbling, bumbling and grossly incompetent. If this doesnt knock him out of the race, nothing will. Not so easy to do what I did!
Thank you Arizona! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! America is thriving like never before, and the BEST IS YET TO COME!
What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again.
The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total destruction of your Second Amendment. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream!
A beautiful evening in Phoenix, Arizona with Great American Patriots. THANK YOU!
Wow!
....for the wonderful job he has done, and we look forward to working with him closely, perhaps in another capacity within the Administration!
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany, will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him. I would like to thank Joe Maguire....
I AM ON MY WAY, SEE YOU SOON!
Heading to Arizona, big rally and big crowd!
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison, with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to who really gets whats going on!
Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls here we go again, just like 2016 show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd, just like the Fake News is corrupt!
I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country, and wish him well in his future endeavors!
Highest Stock Market In History, By Far!
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is, that he doesnt respect our great farmers, or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with payoffs all over the place?
Kerry Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act. This is why Iran is not making a deal. Must be dealt with strongly!
There must be JUSTICE. This can never happen to a President, or our Country, again!
Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr. and your wonderful family of friends!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A more, I would be at 70. Oh well, what can you do?
THANK YOU!
I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam, including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court. Thank you!
Mini Mike. No, I would rather run against you!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A more, I would be at 70. Oh well, what can you do?
THANK YOU!
.....Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike, Major Party Nominations are not for sale! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember, no standing on boxes!
What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution. He is spreading money all over the place, only to have recipients of his cash payments, many former opponents, happily joining or supporting his campaign. Isnt that called a payoff? .....
Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York. He supports our Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military, Vets, and is Strong on the Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 428!
The Mayors efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released. He shouldnt be urging illegals to beat the system, he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in!
...And this despite Fake Witch Hunts, the Mueller Scam, the Impeachment Hoax etc. With our Economy, Jobs, Military, Vets, 2A more, I would be at 70. Oh well, what can you do?
THANK YOU!
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President the people who support him. Dont you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury. Pretty obvious he should get a new trial. I think almost any judge in the Country.....
.....would order a new trial, Im not so sure about Judge Jackson, I dont know. Andrew Napolitano
Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. Madam foreperson, youre a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....product and goods to China and other countries. Thats what trade is all about. We dont want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World....
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
The United States cannot, will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. Madam foreperson, youre a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....product and goods to China and other countries. Thats what trade is all about. We dont want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World....
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
The United States cannot, will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie, AGAIN! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two. A Rigged Convention!
....BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
....badly tainted and, in my opinion, should be thrown out. Even Muellers statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director again, has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasnt President, Id be suing everyone all over the place...
These were Mueller prosecutors, and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier, lying and forging documents to the FISA Court, and many other things. Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is...
.....would order a new trial, Im not so sure about Judge Jackson, I dont know. Andrew Napolitano
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President the people who support him. Dont you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury. Pretty obvious he should get a new trial. I think almost any judge in the Country.....
Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. Madam foreperson, your a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
Thank you Clint!
Praying for Ryan Newman, a great and brave driver!
....ever. Had to rebuild our military, which was totally depleted. Fed Rate UP, taxes and regulations WAY DOWN. If Dems won in 2016, the USA would be in big economic Depression? military trouble right now. THE BEST IS YET TO COME. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Did you hear the latest con job? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration. He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression, despite Zero Fed Rate MASSIVE quantitative easing. NOW, best jobs numbers....
Completion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now. Enjoy!
They tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last Impeachment trial that we went through. In Arizona, people are tired of their obstruction, their investigations, and their Impeachments. They want them to get to work. Thanks Martha
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful, under construction, Southern Border Wall fell over, trying to make it sound terrible, except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed forever.
Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500. Will be GREAT!
Thank you to for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one, lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records!
BIG PROGRESS!
Remember, will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall, but they didnt have any idea how to get it done. I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible!
Thank you David!
IG report on Andrew McCabe Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure...Lacked Candor Lied on four separate occasions...Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests...IG RECOMMENDED MCCABES FIRING.
.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened, ready to claim exoneration, and take his case of grievance, persecution and resentment to the campaign trail. Peter Baker The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. When you strike at the King, Emerson famously said, you must kill him. Mr. Trumps foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Nice!
Great honor, I think? Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India. Actually, I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
. is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our and Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida, including the France family and from See you there, good luck to everyone!
Thank you Arnold, very nice.
....Today, and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul....
. is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas! He fully supports our and Agenda, Border WALL, Military, Vets, and your Second Amendment. Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully supports our Agenda, will continue to Secure Our Border, Loves our Military Vets, is Strong on the Tom has my Complete Endorsement!
. from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda. Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w the WALL, he Loves our Military Vets, and is Strong on the Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge supporter of the Agenda. Mo fully supports Securing our Border wthe WALL, he Loves our Military Vets, is Strong on the Mo has my Complete Endorsement!
The Greatest name in politics, Patrick from the Great State of North Carolina, is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our Agenda. Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
....Today, and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts.
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul....
Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the ship Westerdam into your port. The United States will remember your courtesy!
It is happening again to Crazy Bernie, just like last time, only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him, and theres very little he can do. A Rigged System!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. was all in a great person. I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer Pelosi. Thats what he is!
I was very surprised disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrats totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me Pensions, and that will....
President Trump, with smart policies, has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era.
The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case. A.G. Barr This doesnt mean that I do not have, as President, the legal right to do so, I do, but I have so far chosen not to!
Im seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits harrassment, start cleaning itself up, and lowering taxes. Build relationships, but dont bring Fredo!
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife, Karen, who I have a lot of respect for, once pulled me aside said strongly that John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here, he will only speak well of you. Wrong!
When I terminated John Kelly, which I couldnt do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasnt for him. He came in with a bang, went out with a whimper, but like so many Xs, he misses the action just cant keep his mouth shut,.
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
Mini Mike is a 54 mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will, with enough money, possibly stop him. Bernies people will go nuts!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but cant debate and has zero presence, you will see. He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb Low Energy Bush, but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini!
Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.
Now it looks like the fore person in the jury, in the Roger Stone case, had significant bias. Add that to everything else, and this is not looking good for the Justice Department.
GREAT NEWS!
. is a fantastic candidate running in New York, where she was a Great member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, Borders, Cutting Taxes, your and she Loves our Military and Vets. Claudia has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is running for Congress in NY, I know her well, we need her to defeat Max Rose, who voted for Impeachment! Nicole is Strong on Crime Borders, Cutting Taxes, she Loves our Military Vets. Nicole has my Complete Total Endorsement!
. Rosendale is a Strong Conservative fighter for Montana. Matt stands w our Brave Veterans, Loves our Military, and he will continue working to Secure our Border. Matt will NEVER let our go unprotected. Matt has my Total Endorsement!
. is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas. He will help us accomplish our America First policies. Wesley is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendment, Trade, Military and Vets. Wesley has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your fight for our Farmers, OilGas Workers, and he supports our Agenda. August has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. did Great things as Mayor of Irving, Texas, with my Administration. She is a Strong Conservative who supports Border Security, Loves our Military, Vets, and supports your Beth has my Full Endorsement for Congress!
. of California is running for Congress in 2020. Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Border, he Loves our GREAT Law Enforcement Officers, Military, Vets, and he will protect your Jay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in Congress! Thanks to Ways Means and EducationLabor Committees for your work on Bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs! Work with Energy Commerce, HELP committees to send BIPARTISAN bill to my desk!
....If my hands were tied, Iran would have a field day. Sends a very bad signal. The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican Party. Dont let it happen!
It is very important for our Countrys SECURITY that the United States Senate not vote for the Iran War Powers Resolution. We are doing very well with Iran and this is not the time to show weakness. Americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani....
. Every Democrat is running to raise taxes. She Pocahontas lied about her ethnicity, that was her problem. So true Dagen!
Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature, yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone who was not even working for the Trump Campaign. Gee, that sounds very fair! Rogue prosecutors maybe? The Swamp!
Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought tainted. Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress!
Fake News and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire and in Iowa. Thats why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.
The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story, but there is nothing too fabulous. Wouldnt a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president, in either party, in the history of that Great State? Not an insignificant fact!
Thank you Brad!
Prosecutorial Misconduct?
Bootedgeedge Buttigieg is doing pretty well tonight. Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money. Very interesting!
A very bad night for Mini Mike!
A lot of Democrat dropouts tonight, very low political I.Q.
Who are the four prosecutors Mueller people? who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal, the Mueller Scam, and shouldnt ever even have started? 13 Angry Democrats?
Impeachment King Steyer how did that work out? spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1 of the vote in Iowa, and only 3 of the Vote in New Hampshire. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to do what I did, is it?
Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is having a really bad night. I think she is sending signals that she wants out. Calling for unity is her way of getting there, going home, and having a nice cold beer with her husband!
Whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podestas BROTHER? Wasnt he caught, forced to leave his firm, with BIG BAD things to happen? Why did nothing ever happen to him, only to the other side?
...And a swamp creature with pull was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 years for. A phony Mueller Witch Hunt disgrace. Caught!
Is this the Judge that put Paul Manafort in SOLITARY CONFINEMENT, something that not even mobster Al Capone had to endure? How did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton? Just asking!
All starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation!
When Jerome Powell started his testimony today, the Dow was up 125, heading higher. As he spoke it drifted steadily downward, as usual, and is now at -15. Germany other countries get paid to borrow money. We are more prime, but Fed Rate is too high, Dollar tough on exports.
Mini Mike is a short ball very hitter. Tiny club head speed. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
New Stock Market RECORD. Congratulations, spend your money wisely. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!!
Great being in New Hampshire last night. I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history. Incredible evening!
WOW, BLOOMBERG IS A TOTAL RACIST!
BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
This is a horrible and very unfair situation. The real crimes were on the other side, as nothing happens to them. Cannot allow this miscarriage of justice!
Just returned to White House from Dover. Very sad!
Nice conflict. Brown dropped out of presidential race FAST. Polled at ZERO!
Disgraceful!
Should never happen to another President!
TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP!
THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE!
A lot of people feel defeated...Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him. Danny Villazon But isnt that what you want from your President?
Wall Street Journal Editorial She Crazy Nancy aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.
Meeting with U.S. Governors in a short while. All States are doing well. Thank you Mr. President.
Thank you to of the New York Post for your interesting and correct column today. Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October. He gets 67 on economy. Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high 28, up 10 points in a year. Nice one, Nancy.
Hope the Fake News, which never discusses it, is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They wont!
Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax, AOC will primary Cryin Chuck Schumer, and win, and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House, AGAIN! My poll numbers great.
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a Record! 53 overall plus add 9 points?. Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax. Thank you Nancy!
Will be in Manchester, New Hampshire, tonight for a big Rally. Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on. Still waiting for the Iowa results, votes were fried. Big crowds in Manchester!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
....This is the biggest political crime in American History, by far. SIMPLY PUT, THE PARTY IN POWER ILLEGALLY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THE ELECTION, IN ORDER TO CHANGE OR NULLIFY THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION. IT CONTINUED ON WITH THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX. Terrible!
FBI Director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal. So was the Fake Dossier. THEREFORE, THE WHOLE SCAM INVESTIGATION, THE MUELLER REPORT AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THREE YEARS, WAS A FIXED HOAX. WHO PAYS THE PRICE?....
So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back, now that lightweight Senator cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax. Thought his boss, Cryin Chuck, would have forced him to vote against the Hoax. A Do Nothing Stiff!
. is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in, than he is at telling you what is going to happen because, in fact, he doesnt have a clue!
Sabato got it all wrong last time, never came close to understanding the Trump Voter. Actually its simple, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Its all turning, and fast! MVP Heckler.
They Conservatives thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak, and therefore his Romneys judgement is questioned.
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldnt understand the Transcripts. Romney could, but didnt want to!
Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators, and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax. No clue!
Yes!!!!!
This is so true!
This will never get old!
DeFace the Nation will tell that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done. Clean up D.C. now, last chance!
I grew up in New York City and, over many years, got to watch how GREAT NYCs Finest are. Now, because of weak leadership at Governor Mayor, stand away water thrown at them regulations, and lack of support, our wonderful NYC police are under assault. Stop this now!
The Dems are crazed, they will do anything. Honesty truth dont matter to them. They are badly wounded. Iowa vote count was a disaster for them!
Leading also in New Hampshire and most states. The Fake News hates to report this, but you will see on November 3rd.
The feeling of many about
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
...But, just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak pathetic Joe Manchin the same I got the Pension Bill approved, Manchin couldnt do it, the wonderful people of Utah will never look at grandstander Mitt Romney with anything but contempt disgust!
Cant say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator, Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts, sadly, which he wouldnt understand anyway.....
Law Enforcement has been notified. Be careful tough guys who you play with!
Great lineup on tonight with and All starts at 800 P.M. Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax!
A great coach and a fantastic guy. His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal!
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256, than any other player by a wide margin. He gambled, but only on his own team winning, and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. Its Time!
Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko! Love Arizona.
Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend. He just canceled. Very hard to work with New York - So stupid. All they do is sue me all the time!
More Fake News. This was photoshopped, obviously, but the wind was strong and the hair looks good? Anything to demean!
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Countrys greatest ever Economy!
...the worst weeks ever. She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy, who is the most overrated person in politics going to lose the House a second time, didnt bring the phony corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems cant do anything right, just look at the Iowa vote count!
. who called me, tears flowing, to thank me for rolling out the maximum Red Carpet for the funeral of her husband, then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax, said everybody Dems wants to get out of town. This has been, in my whole career, one of...
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here. So true, although the Dems Hoaxes Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls, and mine, mightily!
Crazy Nancy Pelosis Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls she lost the House once before!, and my Polls, WAY UP, which was expected, but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races, including North Carolina, Kentucky, Colorado and Arizona. Thanks!
Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary. The Dems were 25 down although their votes are all fried!.
Fake News MSDNC keep talking about Lt. Col. Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually, I dont know him, never spoke to him, or met him I dont believe! but, he was very insubordinate, reported contents of my perfect calls incorrectly, ...
....was given a horrendous report by his superior, the man he reported to, who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement, adhering to the chain of command and leaking information. In other words, OUT.
Not good!
After years building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding OUR Country. From our inner cities to our rural communities, the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten NO LONGER!
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smart, voted against the Impeachment Hoax. was all in a great person. I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer Pelosi. Thats all he is!
I was very surprised disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrats totally partisan Impeachment Hoax. No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me Pensions, and that will....
Great to be in Charlotte, North Carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum. Today, we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize under-served cities and towns across America its called OPPORTUNITY NOW!
Another win just in. Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me, thrown out. This one unanimous, in the D.C. Circuit.Witch Hunt!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President. Great tradition!
Off to North Carolina!
The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa. Looks like it all got computer fried. Nobody knows who the real winner is. Maybe its Sleepy Joe, but its not looking that way. They lost millions millions of dollars, all for NOTHING. But I WON Iowa big!
I think they should blame RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA again! If they cant count votes properly, how are they going to run U.S. HealthCare?
Welcome back James!
Very true, thank you Ted John. I love Texas!
So do I!
Thank you Charlie!
Dont worry, it wont happen!
....he will be successful, especially as the weather starts to warm the virus hopefully becomes weaker, and then gone. Great discipline is taking place in China, as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation. We are working closely with China to help!
Just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China. He is strong, sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus. He feels they are doing very well, even building hospitals in a matter of only days. Nothing is easy, but...
The Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by Congressional Democrats, led by Speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff, to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history - a man they knew to be innocent.
This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln.
Welcome back to Earth, and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space! Youre inspiring young women and making the USA proud! Enjoyed speaking with you and on the first all-female spacewalk IN HISTORY last year.
Nevada, I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches Im confident we can get it done!
So true!
Had failed presidential candidate devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me, he could have won the election. Read the Transcripts!
The Votes Were A Resounding Victory For Mr. Trump. True, but the Impeachment Hoax was just a continuation of the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats corrupt practices!
What Really Happened
I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 1200pm from the to discuss our Countrys VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax!
The Democrats want to run a Country, and they cant run a Caucus. Brad Blakeman Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems. They should bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP!
Thank you Jonathan, and great job!
It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country. Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech. It was my great honor to have done it!
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party 95, a record! Big Iowa win. Approval Rating overall 53, a new high. With our great Economy and other major successes, would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes???
Market up big today on very good economic news. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The Democrat Party in Iowa really messed up, but the Republican Party did not. I had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state, by far, beating President Obamas previous record by a lot. Also, 97 Plus of the vote! Thank you Iowa!
When will the Democrats start blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA, instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the Great State of Iowa?
It is not the fault of Iowa, it is the Do Nothing Democrats fault. As long as I am President, Iowa will stay where it is. Important tradition!
The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster. Nothing works, just like they ran the Country. Remember the 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website, that should have cost 2 of that. The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is Trump.
Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight. Thank you!
Many people do not know what a great guy fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is. There is nobody like him. Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend!
Wheres the Whistleblower? Wheres the second Whistleblower? Wheres the Informer? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President??? Why didnt the House do its job? And sooo much more!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Republicans in Iowa, go out and Caucus today. Your great Trade Deals with China, Mexico, Canada, Japan, South Korea and more, are DONE. Great times are coming, after waiting for decades, for our Farmers, Ranchers, Manufacturers and ALL. Nobody else could have pulled this off!
I hope Republicans the American people realize that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is exacty that, a Hoax. Read the Transcripts, listen to what the President Foreign Minister of Ukraine said No Pressure. Nothing will ever satisfy the Do Nothing, Radical Left Dems!
The DNC on Bernie Sanders, Looks like theyre going to do it to him again, doesnt it?
Hope you liked this!
Great company!
Thank you Mike!
So Great!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game, and a fantastic comeback, under immense pressure. You represented the Great State of Kansas and, in fact, the entire USA, so very well. Our Country is PROUD OF YOU!
I promised to restore hope in America. That includes the least among us. Together, lets KEEP AMERICA GREAT! Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad!
ENJOY THE GAME USA, OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
My Interview at 330 P.M. on Enjoy!
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage, and to have the right to stand on boxes, or a lift, during the debates. This is sometimes done, but really not fair!
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere, just wasting his money, but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie, something they wouldnt do for and others. They are doing it to Bernie again, 2016.
Mini Mike is part of the Fake News. They are all working together. In fact, Bloomberg isnt covering himself too boring to do, or other Dems. Only Trump. That sounds fair! Its all the Fake News Media, and thats why nobody believes in them any more.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, dont want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax, they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election, that includes the House Senate. They are playing with the people by taking it this far!
Correct!
Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck!
Wall is moving along strong, tall and quickly. Thank you Jim for all of your help!
Thank you John!
Happy birthday to a wonderful man friend!
Such a great, common sense, question. Crazy!
Getting a little exercise this morning!
Trump poll numbers are the highest since election, despite constant phony Witch Hunts! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies which the Fake News never mentions to see The Greatest Show On Earth. Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN!
Congratulations to Number One. Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover Americas Greatest President fairly objectively!
No matter what you give to the Democrats, in the end, they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House, they gave us NOTHING!
Democrats 17 Witnesses. Republicans 0 Witnesses.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting fairness, when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the U.S. Congress. They had 17 Witnesses, we were allowed ZERO, and no lawyers. They didnt do their job, had no case. The Dems are scamming America!
Incredible numbers!
Nadler ripped final argument away from Schiff, thinks Shifty did a terrible job. They are fighting big time!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats Partisan Hoaxes, Witch Hunts, Con Jobs. Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves, we are welcoming these voters to the Republican Party w wide open arms!
Washington Dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the NEXT ELECTION. Together, we are going to win back the House, we are going to hold the Senate, we are going to keep the White House!
To keep America Safe, we have fully rebuilt the U.S. Military it is now stronger, more powerful, and more lethal than ever before. Thanks to the courage of American Heroes, the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED its founder leader the animal known as al-Baghdadi is DEAD!
This November, we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and win the Great State of Iowa in a Historic Landslide!
Thank you Iowa, I love you!
Great poll in Iowa, where I just landed for a Big Rally!
Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U.S., all in good recovery.
Leaving Michigan now, great visit, heading for Iowa. Big Rally!
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE, the USMCA, was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
Just landed in Michigan. Car companies, and many others, are building and expanding here. Great to see!
Happy birthday today to two of the very best in Congress age 48 and age 40big one!. Two Great American Patriots!!
Congressman has done a Great job representing the people of Texas. He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Brian of Texas has been a strong supporter of our Agenda. He is strong on the Second Amendment and Securing our Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Brian has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Great photos from a SOUTHERN BORDER WALL Briefing with Secretary of Defense, Mark
Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless. His District is in terrible shape. He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax. In my opinion he is mentally deranged!
Just received a briefing on the Coronavirus in China from all of our GREAT agencies, who are also working closely with China. We will continue to monitor the ongoing developments. We have the best experts anywhere in the world, and they are on top of it 247!
Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS. Stand with your Commander in Chiefs!
With Votes in the House tomorrow, Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America, and stand up to, as an example, Iran. Protect our GREAT COUNTRY!
GAME OVER!
For the first time in American History, we have replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that REWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that will keep jobs, wealth and growth right here in AMERICA!
Thanks to our pro-worker, pro-American economic policies, unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years. We have created over 7 MILLION new JOBS. More Americans are working today than EVER before. We have the hottest ECONOMY on earth!
USMCA is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects, defends and serves the great people of our Country. Promises Made, Promises Kept!
USMCA is a massive win for American manufacturers and auto workers!
They will never be satisfied!
The best evidence is the Transcript itself. Brad Blakeman
There is much talk that certain Democrats are going to be voting with Republicans on the Impeachment Hoax, so that the Senate can get back to the business of taking care of the American people. Sorry, but Cryin Chuck Schumer will never let that happen!
On the Iraq War Resolution being voted on tomorrow in the House of Represenatives, we are down to 5000 soldiers, and going down, and I want everyone, Republican and Democrat, to vote their HEART!
Mark Penn, Harris Poll Its time to end the Impeachment Trial. Just another political Hoax by the Dems!
Remember Republicans, the Democrats already had 17 witnesses, we were given NONE! Witnesses are up to the House, not up to the Senate. Dont let the Dems play you!
....many more mistakes of judgement, gets fired because frankly, if I listened to him, we would be in World War Six by now, and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty untrue book. All Classified National Security. Who would do this?
For a guy who couldnt get approved for the Ambassador to the U.N. years ago, couldnt get approved for anything since, begged me for a non Senate approved job, which I gave him despite many saying Dont do it, sir, takes the job, mistakenly says Libyan Model on T.V., and..
Democrats admitting the Impeachment Hoax!
Thank you!
175,000 ticket requests. Keep America Great!
Why didnt John Bolton complain about this nonsense a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. He said, not that it matters, NOTHING!
No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produced Transcripts, it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to securethen we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020. Only this way, can we save the America we love and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream!
Thank you Wildwood, New Jersey!
Its amazing what Ive done, the most of any President in the first three years by far, considering that for three years Ive been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Heading to New Jersey. Big Rally, in fact, Really Big Rally!
The Witch Hunt continues!
This is what a future State of Palestine can look like, with a capital in parts of East Jerusalem.
.
I will always stand with the State of Israel and the Jewish people. I strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland. Its time for peace!
. . !
The Fed should get smart lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other Countries which pay much lower even though we are, by far, the high standard. We would then focus on paying off refinancing debt! There is almost no inflation-this is the time 2 years late!
Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Almost everyone say YES!
.....So, what the hell has happened to Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. Hows Shep Smith doing? Watch, this will be the beginning of the end for Fox, just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
Really pathetic how is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen, the no name Senator from Maryland. He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax. Dems wouldnt even give Fox their low ratings debates....
Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television with terrible ratings!.
Charlie, I always knew you are brilliant!
Thank you to Chuck all. USMCA is going to be GREAT!
Thank you Roger, it is a big Hoax!
Congrats to Christine!
A full complete Endorsement for who is doing a great job. Strong on crime, loves our Military, Vets 2A!
On International Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime....
Senate hearing on the Impeachment Hoax starts today at 100 P.M.
We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus. Very few cases reported in USA, but strongly on watch. We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary. Our experts are extraordinary!
Schiff must release the IG report, without changes or tampering, which is said to be yet further exoneration of the Impeachment Hoax. He refuses to give it. Does it link him to Whistleblower? Why is he so adamant?
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify. It is up to them, not up to the Senate!
...Democrats said I never met and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles. My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration.
I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens. In fact, he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. If John Bolton said this, it was only to sell a book. With that being said, the...
...transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed, in addition to the fact that President Zelensky the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. Additionally, I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations...
Kobe Bryant, despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time, was just getting started in life. He loved his family so much, and had such strong passion for the future. The loss of his beautiful daughter, Gianna, makes this moment even more devastating....
.....Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family. May God be with you all!
Reports are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in California. That is terrible news!
Nothing done wrong, READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Majority of people say the U.S. Senate already has enough information!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! 191 Federal Judges a record, and two Supreme Court Justices, approved. Best Economy Employment Numbers EVER. Thank you to our great New, Smart and Nimble REPUBLICAN PARTY. Join now, its where people want to be!
Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press, just had a totally softball interview with conman Adam Schiff, never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress, where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt, can anyone, including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake continue to listen to his con?
Again Read the Transcript! Michael Goodwin, New York Post, Sunday.
Great Editorial in todays Wall Street Journal, And Congress Shall Be King. Bottom line The President becomes a vassal of King Congress. This is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this House Impeachment as its own abuse of power. A partisan Hoax!
Why didnt Schiff release this?
A very good question!
This is what Democrats have done. They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think theres fire. They did this with Russia Collusion, there was no fire. It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of.
It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.
Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesnt have a clue. Caused huge economic damage to his followers pocketbooks. He, and others, should be fired by
Rep. Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiffs Reputation
Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN, and probably a very sick man. He has not paid the price, yet, for what he has done to our Country!
The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. In just two hours the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call, more!
True!
All Democrats should watch this!
. !
Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States, but wants sanctions removed. No Thanks!
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator, Jim Inhofe, of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
....at the judges that we have right now.
You dont come to court and ask for witnesses after youve already presented your case, unless you know your case is not working. I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy. Were doing a great job on the economy, were building our military, look.....
Martha is a great leader on this issue!
Three great men!
Such a great family!
Thank you Nick!
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY, including the Democrats, truly knows it is. This should never be allowed to happen again!
Our case against lyin, cheatin, liddle Adam Shifty Schiff, Cryin Chuck Schumer, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, their leader, dumb as a rock AOC, the entire Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrat Party, starts today at 1000 A.M. on or Fake News or Fake News MSDNC!
I like President Trumps Tweets Social Media, I like everything about him...and this Ukraine stuff, the trial, the impeachment, this isnt t about Ukraine. Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016, and..
....secondly, he is fulfilling every promise he made, and that is making his opponents apoplectic. Theyre trying to get him out of office, and theyre not going to succeed. Pastor Robert Jeffress, author of Choosing the Extraordinary Life Thank you Pastor!
....intimidated by this national left wing media, that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining, crying, puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do.
The Great People know, after 3 years of this President, the most historic President in our Countrys history, that there is no one who can touch what hes done in 3 years, foreign policy, domestic policy, you name it, its amazing. Just to have the guts not to be.....
Check out now on Big tonight!
A really big show tonight by 900 P.M. Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax. The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy. They know its a con, but just cant sell it! Public strongly against Impeachment.
It was my honor to welcome our nations Mayors to the as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs, excellent schools, affordable healthcare, and safe communities for all of our people!
After consultation with our Great Military Leaders, designers, and others, I am pleased to present the new logo for the United States Space Force, the Sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military!
China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular, on behalf of the American People, I want to thank President Xi!
The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating, over and over again, the same old stuff on the Impeachment Hoax. They want to use up ALL of their time, even though it is the wrong thing to do. They ought to go back to work for our great American people!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
More than anything else, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, like AOC, Omar, Cryin Chuck, Nervous Nancy Shifty Schiff, are angry deranged over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges Two Great New Supreme Court Justices. Dont blame me, blame Obama!
Jim is great!
Cryin Chuck never had what it takes, and never will!
The Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems Scam attack. They always knew I did nothing wrong!
I often get asked the question, well, isnt the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes, but, the Congress has no choice, it has a Constitutional responsibility. Joe Biden, pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us!
After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the House, and then having to endure hour after hour of lies, fraud deception by Shifty Schiff, Cryin Chuck Schumer their crew, looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on Saturday, which is called Death Valley in T.V.
....a foreign power, engaged in clandestine intelligence activities, and yet they still asked for the renewal, two more times, and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files, Emails, Text messages..... So how bad illegal is that?
Frances Hakes, former Federal prosecutor, This is really significant. The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017, and then even after they did that, even after they knew from the CIA from their own sources, they knew that Carter Page was not the agent of
Hes got to explain this. How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars from China to invest when hed been in business for 60 days?
21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump.
Jeanne Mancini, President, March for Life We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life. But now you do! See you later Jeanne.
Carlos will win big, very exciting. Great for Florida, great for USA! He has my complete and total Endorsement!
True!
That is a real fan. Thank you!
On my way, see you soon!
Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries, but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security. I have totally left it alone, as promised, and will save it!
A poll of Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats just came out in Florida. Nice results!
I LOVE ALABAMA!
Interesting poll in Texas-13!
Close race in Kansas!
President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity by
The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime.
The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Blue White Chairman to the next week. Reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative.
The Democrats dont want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff, the Bidens, the fake Whistleblower his lawyer, the second Whistleblower who vanished after I released the Transcripts, the so-called informer, many other Democrat disasters, would be a BIG problem for them!
This is all about undermining the next Election. Liz Peek,
....during his hopeless presidential campaign. They will remain silent! The fact is, when Mini losses, he will be spending very little of his money on these clowns because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals. He says that if he loses he really means when! in the primaries, he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is. By doing this, he figures, they wont hit him as hard....
The Democrats Shifty Schiff, whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations, are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine, Pakistan, Philippines, Egypt, Honduras, Mexico. Witch Hunt!
No matter what you give to the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, it will never be enough!
The Democrat House would not give us lawyers, or not one witness, but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought, or even asked for? They had their chance, but pretended to rush. Most unfair corrupt hearing in Congressional history!
In an Impeachment, you cant use a work of fiction as the theory for the case, filling in gaps with presumptions against the President. It was a weak presentation, self indulgent, he didnt deliver the goods. Robert Charles,
....OF THE 2020 ELECTION BECSUSE IT WEAPONIZES A PROCESS THAT SHOULD ONLY BE INITIATED IN EXCEEDINGLY RARE CIRCUMSTANCES, AND SHOULD NEVER BE USED FOR PARTISAN PURPOSES. The Democrats are trying hard to damage Republicans prior to the Election!
Attorney Generals from 21 States are urging the Senate to reject Impeachment. They say the Articles have legal factual problems, and the Democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent. EVEN AN UNSUCCESSFUL EFFORT TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT UNDERMINES THE INTEGRITY.....
There is no evidence of a crime. Robert Charles, Fmr Asst Secy of State. The crimes were committed by the other side!
Schiff doesnt have a case telling the truth, so hes manufacturing things. Rush Limbaugh
Sorry, if you come you will be immediately sent back!
See you on Friday...Big Crowd!
True!
NO PRESSURE
Will be Great!
Great working with you Maria!
One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA China closer together in so many other ways. Terrific working with President Xi, a man who truly loves his country. Much more to come!
Heading back to Washington from , Switzerland. Very successful for USA trip!
Not the Senates job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats. Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo.
THANK YOU
They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time. Rigged!
Steyer is a major loser. Just doesnt get it. This is second time with Bernie!
Big story. Hope Fake News covers it!
Their case was so overwhelming in the House that they need demand Witnesses in the Senate!
ENJOY!
Will be interviewed at 500 A.M. Eastern by on at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy!
Making great progress in Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or returning, to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Congratulations on your big WIN!
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Its about the Economy, stupid, except when it comes to Trump. The fact is, the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy, and how incredible it is!
Everyone said it couldnt be done. But for the first time in a generation, there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to Ambassador Robert OBrien and Ambassador
Representative Randy Weber of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our Agenda from the very beginning. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, and our great Military Vets! Randy has my Full Endorsement!
Representative John Carter from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our Agenda. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets, and Strong on our John has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Texas Rep Roger Williams has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military our Vets and protects our Roger has my Total Complete Endorsement!
Heading to Davos, Switzerland, to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe, by FAR!!
Excellent!
Nancy cant fix it. The Do Nothing Dems have done great harm to our Country!
I will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected, not even a little bit!
It was exactly three years ago today, January 20, 2017, that I was sworn into office. So appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY. African-American Unemployment is the LOWEST in the history of our Country, by far. Also, best Poverty, Youth, and Employment numbers, ever. Great!
...And they say you can add 7 to 10 to all Trump numbers! Who knows?
Two stone cold losers from Amazon WP. Almost every story is a made up lie, just like corrupt pol Shifty Schiff, who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine. Fiction!
USA! USA! USA!
Cryin Chuck Schumer is now asking for fairness, when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House. So, what else is new?
They didnt want John Bolton and others in the House. They were in too much of a rush. Now they want them all in the Senate. Not supposed to be that way!
The Democrat Party in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd Amendment rights. This is just the beginning. Dont let it happen, VOTE REPUBLICAN in 2020!
A great show! Check it out tonight at 9pm.
In the House, the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. This is a corrupt process? Mark Levin Very much so!
I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Texas tonight, where the people are known for being tough, strong, hardworking, loyal and fiercely patriotic just like Americas incredible Farmers!
Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson, who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun, and knew how to use it. Jack quickly killed the shooter, who was beginning a rampage. Mini is against the 2nd A. His ads are Fake, just like him!
I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now. Thank you!
I will be going to Austin, Texas. Leaving soon. Always like love! being in the Lone Star State. Speaking to our great Farmers. They hit paydirt with our incredible new Trade Deals CHINA, JAPAN, MEXICO, CANADA, SOUTH KOREA, and many others!
Nancy Pelosi said, its not a question of proof, its a question of allegations! Oh really? What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country!
If you listened to the flawed advice of at the a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market and other numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS.....
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of at the a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market and other numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS....
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of at the a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market and other numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS....
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall, built around New York to protect it from rare storms, is a costly, foolish environmentally unfriendly idea that, when needed, probably wont work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry, youll just have to get your mops buckets ready!
Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters, has already proven to be inaccurately reported, to their great embarrassment, all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country, at a record clip. Thank you!
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie, just like last time. Some things never change!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, A Record. Thank You!
Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.
Day after day, really good news on the economy. By the way, this didnt just happen by accident, its the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously, the Tax Cut, and now we have these two BIG trade deals. Great future growth!
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9, biggest in many years!
A great day at the White House for our National Champions, the LSU Tigers!
CONGRATULATIONS!
. !
The noble people of Iranwho love Americadeserve a government thats more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect. Instead of leading Iran toward ruin, its leaders should abandon terror and Make Iran Great Again!
Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. Thats what happens when you vote for Democrats, they will take your guns away. Republicans will win Virginia in 2020. Thank you Dems!
The so-called Supreme Leader of Iran, who has not been so Supreme lately, had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe. Their economy is crashing, and their people are suffering. He should be very careful with his words!
Words of wisdom. Thank you Ted!
Heading to Florida for big Republican Party event. New Stock Market Record. Jobs in USA at all-time high!
....Joe Biden, and Bernie is shut out again. Very unfair, but thats the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway, its a lot of fun to watch!
They are rigging the election again against Bernie Sanders, just like last time, only even more obviously. They are bringing him out of so important Iowa in order that, as a Senator, he sit through the Impeachment Hoax Trial. Crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy...
Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers, the National Champions. Great Coach, great Team, great School. Very exciting!
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game. Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA, including the greatest economy in history, rebuilding our military, biggest ever tax regulation cuts, 2nd A!
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesnt get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesnt want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker. If he did, he would go down in the polls even more if that is possible!.
There is no crime here. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke. This whole thing should be dismissed.
Years from now, when we look back at this day, nobodys going to remember Nancys cheap theatrics, they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.
....for the foreign policies of the President. Alan Dershowitz They do what the House asks. The Swamp!
The GOA got it exactly backwards. Heres what they said. The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law. Its exactly the opposite. The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities....
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
See you tomorrow!
THANK YOU!
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL!
Amazon Calls Profiles in Corruption the Most Anticipated Nonfiction Book via
This is a total disgrace, but just another reason that Im going to win Michigan again!
Looking at this strongly!
The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada, but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
There is no crime here. I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. I wouldnt waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke. Laura Ingraham
Cryin Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is unbelievable, which it is, but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. Thats politics, but so bad for our great Country!
One of the greatest trade deals ever made! Also good for China and our long term relationship. 250 Billion Dollars will be coming back to our Country, and we are now in a great position for a Phase Two start. There has never been anything like this in U.S. history! USMCA NEXT!
Here we go again, another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House, not the Senate!
I agree with him on this, 100. But why would anyone vote Democrat? We are setting all time records with the economy!
Now up to 187 Federal Judges, and two great new Supreme Court Justices. We are in major record territory. Hope EVERYONE is happy!
Steyer is running low on cash. Nobody knows him. Made his money on coal. So funny!
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, stated, We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal. I agree!
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said President Trump was absolutely correct in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, from every race, religion, color creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness justice, equality dignity, opportunity safety. We are a big tent, a big party, w BIG IDEAS for the future!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
Thank you Milwaukee, Wisconsin!
Cryin Chuck Schumer just said, The American people want a fair trial in the Senate. True, but why didnt Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff give us a fair trial in the House. It was the most lopsided unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress!
We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers, drug dealers and other violent criminal elements. They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country, NOW! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
On my way to Milwaukee, Wisconsin for a Look forward to see you all soon!
Thank you!
Thank you to Rick Scott. This Impeachment Hoax is an outrage!
I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions. I am honored to have terminated the very unfair, costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
We demand fairness shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats, yet the Dems in the House wouldnt let us have 1 witness, no lawyers or even ask questions. It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress!
Really Big Breaking News Kidding Booker, who was in zero polling territory, just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race. Now I can rest easy tonight. I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was imminent or not, was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES., but it doesnt really matter because of his horrible past!
Wow! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on, or in any way denigrate, our Great American Flag. It was put on the street in order for them to trample it, and they walked around it instead. Big progress!
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy, only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do, whether its the economy, military, or anything else, will be scorned by the Rafical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was eminent or not, was my team in agreement. The answer to both is a strong YES., but it doesnt really matter because of his horrible past!
Bernie Sanders volunteers are trashing Elizabeth Pocahontus Warren. Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. Mini Mike B is also trying, but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie. Do I see a feud brewing?
....and, if Republicans win in court and take back the House of Represenatives, your healthcare, that I have now brought to the best place in many years, will become the best ever, by far. I will always protect your Pre-Existing Conditions, the Dems will not!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of money on False Advertising. I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your Healthcare, you have it now, while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive, unfair and very unpopular Individual Mandate.....
. . .
National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions protests have Iran choked off, will force them to negotiate. Actually, I couldnt care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but, no nuclear weapons and dont kill your protesters.
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence, no crime, read the transcripts, no pressure Impeachment Hoax, rather than an outright dismissal, it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. I agree!
Wow! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls, looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party. So what does this all mean? Stay tuned!
You cant make this up! David Kris, a highly controversial former DOJ official, was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBIs surveillance procedures. Zero credibility. THE SWAMP!
....the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name, prove that his office is indeed incompetent. The ICIG never wanted proof!
House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didnt release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else weve seen, from the Russia Hoax, to...
. . . ! !
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A totally partisan Hoax, never happened before. House Republicans voted 195-0, with three Dems voting with the Republicans. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts! Hose Republicans voted 195-0, plus we got three Dems. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness, and so should she!
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a partisan vote. Zero Republicans. Never happened before!
Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her Articles are so weak. But more importantly, she thought she could extort the Senate. She couldnt. The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left. Too bad!
....and then helped to fund them...And zero progress was made on curbing those activities, until Trump droned Soleimani...Plainly, Trump is not a warmonger. Hes a deal maker his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent, unleashes it with....
....discretion, and only as a last resort. Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin. Could not have said it better myself!
Michael Goodwin, New York Post Trumps peace through strength philosophy is what America needs. His John Kerry claim bears no relation to reality. The Agreement didnt create opportunities for America other signatories to confront Irans malign activities. It overlooked....
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage!
George ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam Shifty Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President read his false words to Congress and the world, as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair biased in history?
To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the World is watching. More importantly, the USA is watching. Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people!
Congratulations to on another big win. She is a great player and an even greater person. Our members in Virginia Tennis will never forget you!
Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. Youve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
Thank you Rudy!
I hope the House and Senate Democrats, in particular watch this. It is a classic. Thank you to Pirro!
. . .
The government of Iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the Iranian people. There can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters, nor an internet shutdown. The world is watching.
. . .
To the brave, long-suffering people of Iran Ive stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency, and my Administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your protests closely, and are inspired by your courage.
The powerful Trump Wall is replacing porous, useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border Patrol. Illegal crossing are dropping as more and more Wall is being completed!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. 53 Approval Rating overall can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the Trump thing?. Thank you!
Now the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are asking Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do. They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House, despite the most unfair biased hearings in the history of Congress. Now they demand fairness!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in U.S. history!
New polling shows that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is going nowhere. A vast majority want the Do Nothing Democrats to move on to other things now!
Where have the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani, one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? He was also looking to do big future damage! Dems are unhinged.
FBI Director apologizes for FISA Errors of which there were far to many to be a coincidence!. Chris, what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called errors? Are these dirty cops going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed?
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura at 10pmE on Enjoy!
She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in U.S. History!
I love constantly proving them wrong. Its easy!
Ive been doing this for 40 years and Ive never seen anything like this Economy.
11,000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29,000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business. The best is yet to come!
We will get this done for our great Miners!
Thank you Mike!
I agree. Jovita will do a great job!
Great interview this morning by with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo, Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
Wow! Thank you Greg. Hope I live up to your expectations.
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream!
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation. We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Under my administration, we will NEVER make excuses for Americas enemies we will never hesitate in defending American lives and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism!
THANK YOU TOLEDO, OHIO!
Heading to Toledo, Ohio, for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Smart analysis, I fully agree!
Thank you!
Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day!
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401KS DOING? 70, 80, 90 up? Only 50 up! What are you doing wrong?
U.S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
Breaking News The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision , gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall, Four Billion Dollars. Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosis War Powers Resolution. Also, remember her speed , rush in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on , done. Well, she never sent the Articles to the Senate. Just another Democrat fraud. Presidential Harassment!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Thank you Elise!
Pelosi doesnt want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment, which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place, because after all of these years of investigations and persecution, they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
Great!
WINRED!
See you later!
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409KS DOING? 70, 80, 90 up? Only 50 up! What are you doing wrong?
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties , damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
Had a very good meeting with of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade, Military, Oil Prices, Security, and Stability in the Middle East!
Great interview with Kevin McCarthy on There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case.
We love Australia!
Amazing analysis , reporting!
....If however, the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility, and politely asks for help from the Federal Government, we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again!
The homeless situation in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem, not a federal problem....
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
Congress , the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote, , we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind!
The Impeachment Hoax, just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election, must end quickly. Read the Transcripts, see the Ukrainian Presidents strong statement, NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!
The reason they are not sending the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic. The great Scam continues. To be spending time on this political Hoax at this moment in our history, when I am so busy, is sad!
These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or target, the United States will quickly , fully strike back, , perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is not required, but is given nevertheless!
The United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment. We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World! If Iran attacks an American Base, or any American, we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way...and without hesitation!
They attacked us, , we hit back. If they attack again, which I would strongly advise them not to do, we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before!
....targeted 52 Iranian sites representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago, some at a very high level , important to Iran , the Iranian culture, and those targets, and Iran itself, WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD. The USA wants no more threats!
....hundreds of Iranian protesters. He was already attacking our Embassy, and preparing for additional hits in other locations. Iran has been nothing but problems for many years. Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have.....
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American, , badly wounded many others, not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime, including recently....
As hard as I work, , as successful as our Country has become with our Economy, our Military , everything else, it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time , money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back , forth over the legal arguments, , the W.H. decision was....
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, hes going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because its never actually been brought to trial.
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all thats been discovered. Its exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House , political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
This is a great book, a must read!
....and more control over Iraq, and the people of Iraq are not happy with that. It will never end well!
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year, for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq dont want to be dominated , controlled by Iran, but ultimately, that is their choice. Over the last 15 years, Iran has gained more....
....of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself. While Iran will never be able to properly admit it, Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. He should have been taken out many years ago!
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time, and was plotting to kill many more...but got caught! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people, including the recent large number....
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, hes going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because its never actually been brought to trial.
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all thats been discovered. Its exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House , political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back , forth over the legal arguments, , the W.H. decision was....q
....had happened to a Presidential candidate, or President, who was a Democrat, everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason and more, and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY, far bigger and more sinister than Watergate!
A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty Filthy Cops, politicians, government officials, and an investigation that was illegally started , that SPIED on my campaign. The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly, but still going on Ukraine Hoax!. If this....
....its alienating independents. This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another, and that really plays to his base. Their partisan Witch Hunt is hurting our Country do badly, , only bringing more division than ever!
Sohrab Ahmari, New York Post The Trump Campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment Scam vote. It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal, ,...
They dont know how to do that!
Great job!
Cant believe keeps the management after yet another ratings dive. Nobody watching, NO CREDIBILITY! Maybe they should make changes at AT,T?
Too bad, Corey would have won! He and I loves New Hampshire.
Best equipment , finest military in the World. On site quickly!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Our fantastic First Lady!
Thank you Steve. The greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner. The list is growing every day!
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades, and failed!
How is the Paris Accord doing? Dont ask!
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy Iraq vs. the Benghazi disaster!
Get this straightened out, Governor
I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats!
The Fake News said I played golf today, and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations, while closely monitoring the U.S. Embassy situation in Iraq, which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but, not surprisingly, failed to report or correct!
The Anti-Benghazi!
Just for a little change of pace!
....Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning, it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
The U.S. Embassy in Iraq is, , has been for hours, SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters, together with the most lethal military equipment in the world, was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President , Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request....
This guy Peter Strzok was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election. Rachel Campos-Duffy And he wasnt the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
...on 51 votes, which is procedural. You dont need two thirds. Brad Blakeman A great lawyer , person. Thank you Brad!
Its my opinion as a lawyer that the Articles of Impeachment are defective on their face, which means I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial. I dont think there should be a trial. I think it should be dismissed....
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didnt get one Republican House vote, and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesnt want to go to the Senate. Shes all lies. Most overrated person I know!
Read the Transcripts!
Very good meeting on the Middle East, the Military, and Trade. Heading back to The Southern White House Mar-a-Lago!. Updates throughout the day.
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who dont want to be dominated and controlled by Iran, this is your time!
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great , important coordination!
Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed, and highly proficient in using their weapon, the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!
Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that Wheres Hunter, , possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
How is the Paris Accord doing? Dont ask!
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy Iraq vs. the Bengahzi disaster!
The Anti-Bengahzi!
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterdays church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
He is Fake News, will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings, hed be out!
Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax!
Any answers Nancy?
Tremendous Spirit!
Thank you Joe. So good for our workers!
Thank you Juliet!
A Dirty Cop at the highest level. Scum!
Thank you Adriana!
So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart. All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should. Governor Cuomo has lost control, and lost his mind. Very bad for the homeless and all!
I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure. His voice is far bigger than theirs!
California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors cant handle the situation, which they should be able to do very easily, they must call and politely ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax!
The Wall is funded , being built!
Now that wasnt very nice, was it?
Nancy, this just doesnt seem right!
Our great First Lady. She really cares!
Congresswoman Lesko, a great American!
A true Democrat Party leader!
What kind of an animal is this?
Hillary should give it another try, but this time dont forget Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, North Carolina , others!
Thank you!
Come on Crazy Nancy, do it!
He made same prediction in 2016. Nobody ever said Michael was stupid!
Wow Crazy Nancy, whats going on? This is big stuff!
is doing incredible reporting. If Lamestream Media did the same, they would get respect back. At All-Time Low!
Thanks Kayleigh!
Dow closes at another All-Time High!
So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress!
....and native culture S.216Spokane Tribe, S.256Native Languages and NDAA Sec. 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. My great honor to do so!
Thank YOU Indian Country for being such an IMPORTANT part of the American story! I recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty....
Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past U.S. presidents With new trade deals, and more, THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Speaker Pelosi and Chuck Schumers drive to try and rig the trial against the President is misplaced. There is no factual basis for the Articles of Impeachment that passed the House. This President will be exonerated. William McGinley
Thank you Kristy, have a great year!
Academy Award winning actor and great guy! is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit, Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ one of the best ever boxing movies, , many others, Jon delivers BIG. Also, LOVES THE USA!
Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter, but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate. Its all part of the Impeachment Hoax!
Pelosis stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrats impeachment case.
Thank you Ritchie!
The movie will never be the same! just kidding
I guess Justin T doesnt much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade!
California leads the nation, by far, in both the number of homeless people, and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats. Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district, and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!
Nancy Pelosi is trying to usurp the Constitutional role of the Senate. The longer this goes on, the more petty, partisan , political it all looks. Just more of the same from the Do Nothing Dems. Nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her D!
Nasdaq Hits 9,000 for First Time Ever
Trump stock market rally is far outpacing past US presidents
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Dont do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders and others when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats , their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!
Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate. Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House, and she has no standing in the Senate. Brad Blakeman. Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy dirty District , help the homeless there. A primary for N?
Nancy Pelosis District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U.S. when it come to the homeless , crime. It has gotten so bad, so fast - she has lost total control and, along with her equally incompetent governor, Gavin Newsom, it is a very sad sight!
Brad Blakeman I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective, they dont meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors, so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss. At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.
The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because President Trump is a threat to National Security they are vicious, will say anything!, but now they dont want to go fast anymore, they want to go very slowly. Liars!
Look, the House is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents BEFORE they send the articles over to the Senate, not to call in new witnesses, go through new documents - that work is supposed to be done in the House.
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with no pressure. She said it must be bipartisan...
..., overwhelming, but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans werent allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
..., overwhelming, but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans werent allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
...., overwhelming, but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans werent alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with no pressure. She said it must be bipartisan....
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Dont do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Wow. Its all a giant SCAM!
Thank you Tammy. You are doing a GREAT job!
Governor Gavin N has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in California. If he cant fix the problem, the Federal Govt. will get involved!
2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3.4 FROM LAST YEAR, THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN U.S. HISTORY. CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration, including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices. We are shattering every record! Read all about this in The Long Game, a great new book by Mitch McConnell. Amazing story!
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
....the American publics tone deafness - , it should be intolerable, because the American people have had it with this. The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
The Trump Administration, Trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before. Griff Jenkins,
Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.
....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to.
Everything were seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that theyre in real doubt about the evidence theyve brought forth so far not being good enough, and are very, very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. The only way to make this work is to..
The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.
What the Democrats are doing is Obstruction of the Senate. Its wrong Constitutionally, its wrong morally, and its wrong politically. l agree, and so does the public!
The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp , simple was the key, and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe well go back and visit the Mueller probe, which is absolutely unbelievable, and shows they dont care about....
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
NASDAQ UP 72.2 SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8. The best is yet to come!
I agree 100!
Wouldnt it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default , lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House , Speakership once, , is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, , Cryin Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default , lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House , Speakership once, , is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Inpeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, , Cryin Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for , provided a Fake Dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media , Dirty Cops, , have now been caught. They spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate, but bigger!
Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States, Israel, and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of Hanukkah.
Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate, but striped away all Due Process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!
Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the USA. Additionally, we got Border Wall being built funding. Nice!
The great Democrat disgrace. But we are winning!
Plus, never did anything wrong. Read the Transcripts. A Democrat Hoax!
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
Thank you Franklin!
BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career, and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year, Mac!
Proud of tenacious Oklahoma spirit that got the NDAA done. Maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops , establishes SPACE FORCE, which is 1st new branch since 1947 Air Force. Another huge win for Jims legacy. To many more!
My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need.
Honored to finally put an end to the Widows Tax and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!
A total Witch Hunt!
Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly, and close to home.
Its time to put House Democrats on trial.
To Our Incredible Federal Workforce
To The Extraordinary Men and Women of the United States Military
We are getting MS-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldnt be here, out of our Country!
THANK YOU!
Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why arent we Impeaching her?
Economy is GREAT, Big Stock Market uptick today. Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN!
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil, We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
....Kevin is strong on Securing the Border, protecting our and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Kevin Brady is an outstanding representative for our Country and the Great State of Texas. A big supporter of our Agenda....
The Democrat Partys Witch Hunt and CRAZY EXTREME policies are chasing common sense people out of the Dem Party. Thats why Jeff Van Drew voted NO on the Impeachment Hoax. Jeff will be joining our growing Republican Party....
....and has my FULL Endorsement. This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey. South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY, so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew. The Dems are already coming after him, so help Jeff win.
Congressman is a great supporter of the Agenda! He fights for your rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father, the late great Billy Graham, voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together!
I guess the magazine, Christianity Today, is looking for Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, or those of the socialistcommunist bent, to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is, no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals, or religion itself!
Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product , more. Formal signing being arranged. Also talked about North Korea, where we are working with China, , Hong Kong progress!.
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals Cadillac Tax on Health Plans, raises smoking age to 21! BIG!
....have a Radical Left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion , your guns, than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community, and its not even close. Youll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I wont be reading ET again!
A far left magazine, or very progressive, as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasnt been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years, Christianity Today, knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.....
Thank you Bill. So true!
House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.
Whats been revealed is a Country in better shape than its been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President whos doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans. Thank you Lou!
This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. Its only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is. Ben Domenech
The reason the Democrats dont want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they dont want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify!
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals Cadillac Tax on Health Plans, raises smocking age to 21! BIG
The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united! The Dems case is so bad that they dont even want to go to trial!
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
The great USMCA Trade Deal Mexico , Canada has been sitting on Nancy Pelosis desk for 8 months, she doesnt even know what it says, , today, after passing by a wide margin in the House, Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
Jesse Watters, this is the best year any President has ever had, plus we get an impeachment. The Five
Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate, which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!
Thank you Rena!
Thank you Terrence!
Thank you Anne!
Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country!
This is what the Dems are dealing with. Does anyone think this is good for the USA!
I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles , not deliver them to the Senate, but its Senates call!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial. If the Do Nothing Democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by Default!
100 Republican Vote. Thats what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!
I got Impeached last might without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles , not deliver them to the Senate, but its Senates call!
THANK YOU!
Thank you Michigan, I am on my way. See everybody soon!
SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!!
....wont convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place. If this is the new standard, every President from here on out is impeachable. Andy McCarthy So well stated. Thank you!
In the end here, nothing happened. We dont approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office. I believe that a President cant be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate..
The evidence has to be overwhelming, and it is not. Its not even close. Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel
Will go down in history as worst Speaker. Already thrown out once!
Thank you!
Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country. The more people learn about impeachment, the less people want impeachment.
This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo, not on the facts. Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Sean P is a much stronger candidate!
Sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. Has my total and complete endorsement!
....out, and hes been amazing at it. The Democrsts have no message, they have no hope for 2020. Thank you Doug!
....said, Im going to clean up Washington, Im going to help people. He gave big tax cuts, hes made our military strong. Theyre mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. History will record were experiencing some of the best times weve ever.....
....had, while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like hes always fought, for himself , for this Country. Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs , trade policies. Thats what makes this President stand..
Its sad. Heres a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. All they wanted to do is impeach him. They started the day after he was elected, even the day after he was sworn in. But this President came to Washington and....
They just wanted to get at the President. They had no intention of having a proper investigation. They couldnt find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress, which every administration from the beginning has done.
Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!
. My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again. Well said Brian!
. Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts?
So, if Comey , the top people in the FBI were dirty cops and cheated on the FISA Court, wouldnt all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? They went after me with the Fake Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary , the DNC, which they illegally presented to FISA...
....They want to Impeach me Im not worried!, and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful Economy Plus President of the United States, who has done nothing wrong? These people are Crazy!
Good marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today. She is the worst! No wonder with people like her and Cryin Chuck Schumer, D.C. has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who and now we know for sure SPIED on my campaign.
Democrat leadership, despite their denials, are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment. If they vote yes, it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020!
Wow! In a stunning rebuke of the FBI, the FISA court severly chastised the FBI for the FISA abuses brought to light in the recent Inspector Generals Report. There were at least 17 significant errors. Statement by the Court was long and tough. Means my case was a SCAM!
Senator Dan Sullivan is doing a great job for the people of Alaska while supporting our Agenda. He fights hard everyday to support our Veterans and the Military. Dan is Strong on the and is 100 pro-jobs. I give Dan Sullivan my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is a BUSINESSMAN first. He takes care of our Vets and Troops and is leading the fight to SLASH drug prices! Buddys 100 pro-Wall , 100 pro-jobs. He will KEEP AMERICA GREAT and has my total, Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Riggleman is a true CONSERVATIVE leader who has done a great job for Virginia and will support our Agenda. He defends our right to bear arms, protect our Borders , help small businesses. Denver has my Total Endorsement!
Congressman is a big time supporter! Markwayne has fought hard for Oklahoma Veterans and Military, he loves our Farmers and hes Strong on Border Security. I give Markwayne my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congresswoman Kay has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our Agenda. Shes strong on and Securing our Border and is 100 pro-life. Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
We support in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar. The U.S. stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy!
....chance, theyve had their kangaroo court, theyve had their circus for weeks and months. There just isnt anything there and theres no way Im voting for Impeachment for somebody who hasnt committed any impeachable offenses.
Senator Josh Hawley R-Mo They the Dems dont have anything. This whole thing is a joke, and its time to get the President exonerated. The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense. Theres nothing there, and they didnt even charge a crime. Theyve had their.....
Would be sooo great if the Fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. The Dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation. This is the time to do it. Exports would zoom!
The new USA Today Poll, just out, has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. Thats hard to believe since the Fake News , 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts, as phony as they are, just never seem to end. The American people are smart. They see the great economy, , everything else!
Impeachment Poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole Democrat Scam is all about!
. Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals, defense spending and Space Force. Thank you!
The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, want to impeach me. Dont worry, I have done nothing wrong. Actually, they have!
Congressman Jeff Van Drew is very popular in our great and very united Republican Party. It was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily Republican district as a Democrat. People like that are not easily replaceable!
New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that and we will never get tired of winning!
Wow!
Thank you Devin. Great reflexes!
Thank you CC!
....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly , avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me or Rs!
....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters , Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up...
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media, and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!
The American people see through it.
....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they cant beat him in a fair fight next year. Thank you Steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our military rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why theyre....
Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they cant beat him in a fair fight next year. Thank you Steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our militsry rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why theyre....
Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television!
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought!
Because Nancys teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didnt have time to think!
Fake News!
. who will be interviewed on tonight at 800 P.M., stated about the Impeachment Hoax, This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.
Approval Rating in Republican Party 95, a Record! Overall Approval Rating 51. Think of where Id be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony Witch Hunt, that started 3 years ago!
The always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime. Impeachment Hoax!
There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.
So now Comeys admitting he was wrong. Wow, but hes only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?
A PERFECT phone call. Can you do us not me. Us is referring to our Country a favor. Then go on to talk about Country and U.S. Attorney General. The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!
As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldnt get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
Far from it!
Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck!
Schiffs correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong based on the I.G. Report! A very big lie. And has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
Wow, that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart!
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they dont have the guts to say so!
I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy!
Incredible young, strong and brilliant people. ArmyNavy!
Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U.S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions!
It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania!
Both Commiecast MSNBC , Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK. Fredo on CNN is dying. Dont know why wants to be more like them? Theyll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. Hows Shep doing?
Hard to believe that will be interviewing sleazebag , totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, , also corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
Congratulations
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He , the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin Chuck!
On my way to the in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania!
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trumps re-election in 2020.
....absolutely no pressure. I dont know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasnt aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have....
There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, theres no crime, theres no witness, theres no evidence, theres no victim, President Zelensky said there was....
Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats. Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered!
The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trumps re-election in 2020. Jason Meister
....absolutely no pressure. I dont know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasnt aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...
There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, theres no crime, theres no witness, theres no evidence, theres no victim, President Zelensky said there was.......
Its not fair that Im being Impeached when Ive done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
This whole process has been rigged from the start.
.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25 Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 12 put on much of the remainder....
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
Record Stock Market , Jobs!
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong a perfect call, have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V.A. Choice!, cut Taxes , Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and soooo much more? Crazy!
Congratulations to on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.
The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!
Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment, especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case, it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 12 years ago!
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95, a Record. Thank you!
The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case, in fact the Dems have no case at all, but the unity , sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors, all of them, was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E.U. Celebrate Boris!
Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because its too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.
Looking like a big win for Boris in the U.K.!
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for two and a half years. In other words, she lied. This was the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats plan all along, long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
.....Whats gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive.
This is so surreal. For three years, this President has been harassed. Hes been electronically surveilled, spied upon, allegations have never ceased, they continue, and their continuing today. At some point you would think you would look at the abuse.....
.....by Congress, by the Justice Department , FBI friends of the Democrats, who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate. At some point somebody should have said, wait a minute, this is out of control, this train is off the tracks, its time to get reasonable.
I think its obvious to all the American public that this is a railroad job!
I also have constantly asked, Why arent Germany, France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol United States? The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, never mention this at their phony hearing!
Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call. I said I want you to do us our Country! a favor, not me a favor. They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point! Very sad.
Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China. They want it, and so do we!
Big!!!
ANTIFA will not be going after Bryce or anytime soon. They much prefer people who cant fight back!
I agree!
Dirty cops!
Amazing!
Very dishonest pols!
True!
Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!
Very sad!
I will be there in two weeks, The Southern White House!
What a great evening!
Thank you!
A fantastic night in Pennsylvania!
Great deal for USA!
So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta, Chill!
No crime!
Its great to have a wonderful subject, President Trump. Fake News like CNN , MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly, they would do well. Have Zero credibility!
New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment. I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They dont even allege a crime. Crazy!
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker PA-11 was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!
They spied on my campaign!
They will never do it!
The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases, totally CORRUPT!
The Exclusive Poll, What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump
Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress dont delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
Zero evidence that any law was broken. Theyre not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.
They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles.
After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS, we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do, we are putting AMERICA FIRST!
Day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment and with your help, we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD!
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future!
On my way to Hershey, Pennsylvania for a rally. See everyone soon. I love Hershey chocolate!
Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City, NJ. Our thoughts , prayers are w the victims , their families during this very difficult , tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local , state officials on the ground.
Read the Transcripts! us is a reference to USA, not me!
Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. Hell eventually have to answer for this!
WITCH HUNT!
Nadler just said that I pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election. Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President , Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there WAS NO PRESSURE. Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!
Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!
Americas great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers, Manufacturers, Energy, Unions - tremendous support. Importantly, we will finally end our Countrys worst Trade Deal, NAFTA!
To Impeach a President who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our countrys history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done NOTHING wrong, is sheer Political Madness!
I cant remember anything quite like this the I.G. Report.
I dont know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading, but it sure wasnt the one given to me. With that kind of attitude, he will never be able to fix the FBI, which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men , women working there!
....in a very long time. The FBI has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. This was VERY SERIOUS MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE FBI. Are you listening Comey, McCabe, lovers Lisa , Peter, the beautiful Ohr family, Brennan, Clapper , many more?
You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report, they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this, a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. Its about as strong a medicine as Ive seen in a report of this kind...
A great choice. Bill is a winner!
Read the Transcripts!
True!
The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace!
The best Economy ever!
Witch Hunt!
The Real Deal!
Witch Hunt!
Let our great soldiers fight!
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.
No president in American history has been treated like this.
.CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility!
What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal!
This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed. Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal
.....American people are supposed to believe that this simply isnt a part of everthing theyve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi. The Wall Street Journal
The Democrats havent come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, , now the.....
I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!
I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.
The Wall is going up fast!
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U.S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didnt think that was possible!
Great!
Dont get why puts losers on like who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting, Pramila Jayapal, David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldnt let get near their bad ratings debates, yet Fox panders. Pathetic!
....its going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but its going to go to the Senate,...
....Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of Thank you Ted. He also made a fortune from China and others, but zero before his father became V.P.
. The Democrats are now admitting that they cant prove a crime, they cant prove a law was violated, and heres why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you cant win the game, change the rules!
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere....
Congratulations to on tonights huge WIN, a Great American Patriot!
Schiffs surveillance obtaining phone logs is an unprecedented abuse of power. To put it mildly. Also, it is illegal!
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!
Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out. They dont want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that? Lisa Booth
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesnt move quickly, it will collapse!
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones!
Taken during the Obama Administration despite $150 Billion gift, returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together!
While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say us our Country as opposed to me meaning me and where I then say that the Attorney General of the United States will call you. People still remember Schiffs made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they dont, they create it. STOP!
Fake News is reporting that I am still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings. This is totally false information and reporting. I havent had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
Nadler hasnt had a single fact witness testify! Zero substanceCountry wants and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you and for your leadership...
Congressman has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our Agenda. He continues to protect your very important Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete , Total Endorsement!
....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However, at the request of a man who I like and respect, and has worked so well with us, President Andres Manuel we....
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
....The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola, Florida....
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida, and spoke to My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems!
This seems personal. That it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. This has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them, who has had victory where they have not had victory, and has exposed the problem with the Leftists.
This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.
This is the best number Ive ever seen in my life.
GREAT JOBS REPORT!
Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone, Dow up 18.65, S,P up 24.36, Nasdaq Composite up 29.17. Its the economy, stupid.
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses anonymous sources having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many sources say stories. Do not believe them!
Wheres the Fake Whistleblower? Wheres Whistleblower number 2? Wheres the phony informer who got it all wrong?
The story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, Fake News!
Republican Approval Rating 95. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she prays for the President. I dont believe her, not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?
THANK YOU!
....This will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of Impeachment will be used routinely to attack future Presidents. That is not what our Founders had in mind. The good thing is that the Republicans have NEVER been more united. We will win!
The Do Nothing, Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller stuff, so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate perfect phone calls with the Ukrainian President....
.....trial in the Senate, and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff, the Bidens, Pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to Clean the Swamp, and thats what I am doing!
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. Therefore I say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair....
Tremendous things achieved for U.S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country, no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U.S. increase, other countries have already increased by $130 Billion-with $400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!
....I would like to have the Attorney General of the United States call you or your people..... This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all except for a big win for me!. The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
When I said, in my phone call to the President of Ukraine, I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it. With the word us I am referring to the United States, our Country. I then went on to say that......
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column, in the New York Times, EVER although she treated me great before politics, but it was written by her brother, Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful, talented, and very smart brother!
. has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts land, air, sea, and SPACE!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders, even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more, , $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S., only deep respect!
....When todays meetings are over, I will be heading back to Washington. We wont be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2 GOALS, followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....
Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U.S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year, and by 2024, that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before....
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at last night. Talked about numerous subjects including and Trade.
Thank you
Thank you!
Too bad. We will miss you Kamala!
The United States of America supports the brave people of Iran who are protesting for their FREEDOM. We have under the Trump Administration, and always will!
True!
Mini Mike Bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any Democrat, but to go after President Trump, only. The Failing New York Times thinks that is O.K., because their hatred , bias is so great they cant even see straight. Its not O.K.!
Just landed in the United Kingdom, heading to London for NATO meetings tomorrow. Prior to landing I read the Republicans Report on the Impeachment Hoax. Great job! Radical Left has NO CASE. Read the Transcripts. Shouldnt even be allowed. Can we go to Supreme Court to stop?
The Fed should lower rates there is almost no inflation and loosen, making us competitive with other nations, and manufacturing will SOAR! Dollar is very strong relative to others.
Manufacturers are being held back by the strong Dollar, which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the Federal Reserve - Which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of Jay Powell!
Thank you to President Zelensky. Case over. The Do Nothing Democrats should finally go back to work!
In the 3 decades before my election, NATO spending declined by two-thirds, and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations. Since I took office, the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED, and NATO spending increased by $130B!
Great job by of Georgia over the weekend in representing the Republican Party, and myself, against the Impeachment Hoax!
When Lisa Page, the lover of Peter Strzok, talks about being crushed, and how innocent she is, ask her to read Peters Insurance Policy text, to her, just in case Hillary loses. Also, why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left Mueller. Where are they Lisa?
The Republican Party has NEVER been so united! This Impeachment Scam is just a continuation of the 3 year Witch Hunt, but it is only bringing us even closer together!
Not only did I see it I think it is fantastic. You are a wonderful artist, never give up your dream!
Thank you to Great Republican for the job he did in representing both the Republican Party and myself against Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd on Meet the Depressed!
Thank you to Congressman Ben for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax. He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well. Also, and as usual, was fantastic!
Heading to Europe to represent our Country and fight hard for the American People while the Do Nothing Democrats purposely scheduled an Impeachment Hoax hearing on the same date as NATO. Not nice!
The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax they will need them!, the Republicans get one. Oh, that sounds fair!
When the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers, then we have totally upended the rule of law. Nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble. Our system of government is under attack.
The Democrats dont have any evidence, but they are still going to do it anyway. Thats the sham thats going on here. Chaffetz
Breaking News The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls. If the Radical Left Democrats were sane, which they are not, it would be case over!
The United States has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. I dont think weve seen numbers like that. Mohamed El-Erian, Allianz Chief Economic Adviser. But despite this there is tremendous potential for growth, far greater than most have understood!
The American people are going to see this for what it is. It is a political effort by the Democrats, and the President certainly doesnt have to aid in the Impeachment effort. Robert Ray Democrats are getting killed in their home districts. 2020!
The process has been unfair. Republicans cant even get their own witnesses. It gets me that Adam Schiff is not punishable for lying, in any way.
U.S. Markets are up as much as 21 since the announcement of Tariffs on 312018 - and the U.S. is taking in massive amounts of money and giving some to our farmers, who have been targeted by China!
.....Reserve should likewise act so that countries, of which there are many, no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by further devaluing their currencies. This makes it very hard for our manufactures , farmers to fairly export their goods. Lower Rates , Loosen - Fed!
Brazil and Argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our farmers. Therefore, effective immediately, I will restore the Tariffs on all Steel , Aluminum that is shipped into the U.S. from those countries. The Federal....
It is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that Speaker Pelosi said for months was essential for Impeachment. Chris Wallace
Trump Economy Breaks Holiday Shopping Records.
Great writer and historian, Doug Wead, has written a true not Fake News account of what is going on in Washington and the White House. His new book, INSIDE TRUMPS WHITE HOUSE, is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Countrys history. Buy it!
Donald Trump was framed back in 2016. 100 correct, Maria, and we can never let this happen to another president again!
....in America, community by community where we will eradicate AIDS in 10 years, program already started. American leadership has proven that together we can save lives.
On World AIDS Day, The First Lady and I express our support for those living with HIVAIDS and mourn the lives lost. We reaffirm our commitment to end the HIVAIDS epidemic....
Schiffs impeachment hearings wasting time when Congress must do real work
Trump did nothing impeachable, day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows
Sen. Tim Scott Says Trump Innocent, No Way Senate Convicts
An incredible experience!
Nancy Pelosi wont put it up for a vote. Has delayed it for 6 months. See you in
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
Robert Johnson knows business , politics. He also understands lowest African American Unemployment in U.S. history!
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump?
Thank you to and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!
Just returned to the United States after spending a GREAT Thanksgiving with our Courageous American Warriors in Afghanistan!
I thought Newsweek was out of business?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
New Stock Market Record today, AGAIN. Congratulations USA!
People now realize it is a Democrat Hoax!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
THANK YOU FLORIDA!
OMB Official Ukraine Aid Held Up Because Other Countries Werent Giving
...love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, , I wanted to know why nearby European countries werent putting up money also. Likewise, I would....
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that, I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahns respected....
When the Military rips down an old , badly broken Border Wall in an important location, , replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel , Concrete Wall, Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong, and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks!
I will always protect our great warfighters. Ive got your backs!
Great job Heather!
Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. Hes done so many great things. Hes devastated ISIS , killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall. Jason Meister
Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason. Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans!
DOW, NASDAQ, S,P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS
Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!
The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.
Support for Impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA, and much more!
President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness. Sam Dewey
....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore, Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencers services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service , commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....
....honors that he has earned, including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success, I know Ken will do an outstanding job!
I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallaghers trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddies rank. Likewise, large cost overruns from past administrations.....
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great Election!
The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them! The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they dont care!
The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP, UP, UP! Thank you Shifty.
This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written , reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News, just like the
Witch Hunt!
But I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts 2!
100 Correct!
Agnes, your great boy Ronald is looking down, very proud of you!
Exclusive Elise Stefanik Reflects on Her Two-Week Whirlwind
The Unspoken Truth What Impeachment Exposed About Trump and 2020
This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats!
Too bad we didnt have the G-7 here. I offered to pick up the entire cost, would have saved at least $35,000,000 for the USA. Best location. Very stupid people thought I would gain. Wrong! Looking at Camp David. Will announce soon.
Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment, especially in swing states. 75 to 25. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA, National Defense Authorization Act, Gun Safety, Prescription Drug Prices, , Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!
Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on this morning at 730 A.M. Have no fear, all will end well for everyone!
Pushed hard to have Apple build in USA!
95 Approval Rate in the Republican Party, a record! Thank you!
Thank you Kevin for the nice words!
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi , Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.
....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trumps interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. I want no Quid Pro Quo Ambassador....
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal to change Americans minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
.....Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. Its an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt. They spied on my campaign!
The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiffs staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
Joe Concha, The Hill In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49 Oppose, 34 Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they havent done something on Opioid crisis, drug prices, USMCA, the Border, etc.
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate perfect, to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi , Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done.
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!
The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.
...While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, Americans still pay far too much for drugs other countries pay far less that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table...
...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesnt do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!
. and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans dont deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS...
Thank you to Mitch McConnell and Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party, as there is right now!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 800 A.M. I know that theres not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy!
Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents. Hello, here we go!
Thank you and GREAT JOB!
MARK LEVIN ON IMPEACHMENT HYSTERIA!
SCHIFFS CHARADE
SCHIFFS FACT WITNESSES!
....They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing No Quid Pro Quo. You shouldnt charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government. Thank you Ken!
Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting , ambiguous. Ambassador Sondlands testimony stated that....
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. Ive even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallaghers Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
....Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.
The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff the most dishonest man in politics the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems Impeachment inquiry are illegal. Sam Dewey
.....But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiffs lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Partys rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls Transcripts were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption , dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany. We got them back!
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But Im clean, and when I release my financial statement my decision sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, , my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....
The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, , yet, when I got home to the White House , checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE , CORRUPT NEWS!
During my visit yesterday to Austin, Texas, for the startup of the new Mac Pro, , the discussion of a new one $billion campus, also in Texas, I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money, Technology, Vision , Cook!l
Why do , waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell, who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I dont even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!
Poll Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin
All four of Gordon Sondlands lawyers are Democrat Donors. Despite this, big win today for Republicans!
Watch Big News!
If this were a prizefight, theyd stop it!
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesnt care about American Workers!
I WANT NOTHING!
....I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING! Later, Ambassador Sondland said that I told him, Good, go tell the truth! This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President me What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas , theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He the President just said,...
We join families of Kevin King , Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Lets hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On. This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work.
The three year Hoax continues!
True. Great job
Read the transcripts!
Thank you Tennessee!
Congressman Van Drew D-NJ Weve spent millions of Dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hurt, fracturing the Nation apart. I havent seen this to be a good thing.
A great day for Republicans, a great day for our Country!
I agree, but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction!
NASDAQ UP 27 THIS YEAR ALONE!
Nancy Pelosi just stated that it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trumps fate. In other words, she thinks Im going to win and doesnt want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green, she wants to change our voting system. Wow, shes CRAZY!
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country!
At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning, I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact, our rates should be lower than all others we are the U.S.. Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers , growth!
Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office. This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020!
GREAT NEWS!
THANK YOU!
Congressman Van Drew D-NJ SLAMS Democrats for fracturing the Nation with Impeachment probe. We already know how its going to end.
Just finished a very good , cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength , its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. , others, etc.
....that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong, and dont like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax, I like the idea , will, in order to get Congress focused again, strongly consider it!
Our Crazy, Do Nothing wheres USMCA, infrastructure, lower drug pricing , much more? Speaker of the House, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone they , Fake News Media are her BOSS, suggested on Sundays DEFACE THE NATION....
Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now. 95 A.R. This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media , their partner, the Do Nothing Democrats. The rules are rigged by Pelosi , Schiff, but we are winning, and we will win!
Just finished a very good , cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength , its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. , others, etc.
All they do is bring up witnesses who didnt witness anything. Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls, and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!
The Impeachment started before he even became President.
Where is the Fake Whistleblower?
Republicans , others must remember, the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also, they didnt even know the money wasnt paid, and got the money with no conditions. But why isnt Germany, France Europe paying?
The Crazed, Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. That is very bad for our Country, and not what the Founders had in mind!!!!
Tell Jennifer Williams, whoever that is, to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls, , see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers, who I dont know , mostly never even heard of, , work out a better presidential attack!
Paul Krugman of has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Anyone who has followed his words of wisdom has lost a great deal of money. Paul, just concede the game, say I was right, and lets start a brand new game!
Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!
. blew the nasty , obnoxious Chris Wallace will never be his father, Mike! away on Chriss lowest rated unless Im on morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the past. Great job Steve!
Thanks Eric!
Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one. People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having missed by soooo much. Paul, match over!
I agree Katrina, Pam Bondi is a great woman!
The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done!
Joe Ricketts, one of our Countrys most successful businessmen, including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs, has just written a great new book, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!
A BIG difference!
Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of cash, compliments of China Tariffs, prior to Thanksgiving. The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries. In the meantime, and as you may have noticed, China is starting to buy big again. Japan deal DONE. Enjoy!
. has a GREAT show going on right now, 1000 A.M. Fantastic guests talk about the Fake Impeachment!
Mr. Chairman, Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow, but he is not a rabid dog. He is actually somewhat better than that, but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be. You should act quickly, get the deal done. See you soon!
Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party, present or past. Hes just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News
A new Republican Star is born. Great going
Thank you Pete. Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. I would not have done this for Sgt. Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning!
I agree Katrina, Pam Bondi is a great womem!
. blew the nasty , obnoxious Chris Wallace will never be his father, Mike! away on Chriss lowest rated unless Im on morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the past. Great job Steve!
Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good great!. Will complete next year.
True!
Congratulations Kimberley. Great book!
I mean, come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and theyre just trying to drag Trumps name into the mud! Lisa Booth Thank you Lisa!
Triggered, a great book by my son, Don. Now number one on LIST. Keep it there for a while!
....and Taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this! Rush L
My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this, these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp, well, dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent..
Dow hits 28,000 - FIRST TIME EVER, HIGHEST EVER! Gee, Pelosi , Schitt have a good idea, lets Impeach the President. If something like that ever happened, it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. Its called a Depression, not a Recession! So much for 401-Ks , Jobs!
LOUISIANA, VOTE TODAY! He will be a great governor!
Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for to be your next Gov! He will get your taxes and auto insurance highest in Country! way down. Loves our Military , Vets. Will protect your 2A. Find your polling place below
Louisiana, 3 hours left, get out and Vote for for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
Big day in LOUISIANA tomorrow! Get out and VOTE to replace Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor,
THANK YOU!
....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well, what about Crooked Hillary, Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe, Brennan, Clapper, Shifty Schiff, Ohr , Nellie, Steele , all of the others, including even Mueller himself? Didnt they lie?....
Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job, jobs, jobs!
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations and save great cost, and also, the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!
Another Record Stock Market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, , totally unfounded, Witch Hunt, , a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice, big, juicy recession. In actuality, the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!
....They call it serving at the pleasure of the President. The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. It is called, quite simply, America First! With all of that, however, I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia, how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine, where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. Presidents absolute right to appoint ambassadors.
......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA, which has been sitting on her desk for months!
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous , disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco, where even the......
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation. THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
Democrats must apologize to USA Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden , his son, Hunter Biden.....
This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your jobs, and your freedom, then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance highest in Country! way down. Loves our Military , Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California through our ongoing communications with Local, State, and Federal Authorities....
Wheres the Fake Whistleblower?
....that the House Democrats have done since shes become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump. This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
....anywhere, so weve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosis worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American cant identify anything...
. WSJ Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no, the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis , Impeachment. The hearings suggested its not going...
That hearing was about a policy dispute. Robert Ray. Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.
Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. Thats the result!
Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury. Inflation low do you hear that Powell?!
Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
. asked the two star witnesses, where is the impeachable event in that call? Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, , were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
Wow! Was just told that my sons book, Triggered, is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
Thank you It is a time of shame for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong!
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
NEVER TRUMPERS!
....any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. Ukraine got its money 3 weeks early, and there was no investigation.
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, Impeachment, , theyve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they cant specify that Donald Trump broke..
Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldnt envision this. You have these people taking...
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything.
Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is. Rush Limbaugh Also, why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me, which would be a conflict?
....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. Theres not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
....to hurt Donald Trump and we, the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing. Sean the amazing warrior!
The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward , congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats , the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything youre going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty, its not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.
DACA recipients with arrest records 53,792! That is a very large proportion of the total. Not good, but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats!
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from angels. Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the Ukrainian President before weeks end!
.....no pressure put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though, as President, I have an obligation to look into corruption, and Bidens actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his sons taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a.....
....Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt to put it mildly! to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call transcript with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....
A great try by We are all proud of you!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the quarterfinals - all the way with Sean!
This isnt about Ukraine. This isnt about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy! So true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our Country!
....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!
The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. Theyve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history, I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first, and therefore most important, phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!
Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER , NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This cant be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act!
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
Today, we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now, it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives!
The Chinese say about Trumps Trade War , Tariffs, he brought us to the table. This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and its going to be a very prosperous economy. Jamie Dimon on Thank you President Trump , the Republican Party!
Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We havent even seen the documents and are restricted from get this having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me, and read it to all!
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower, his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign, I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big, and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way, Mississippi won everything!
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Childrens health , safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!
A great new book just out, The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History. Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson, who has been missing in Iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. At the same time, upon information , belief, Iran is, , has been, enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!
. is out with a new book, With All Due Respect this week. Make sure you order your copy today, or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki!
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans, dont be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. No, it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
Theres nothing there! Im trying to let the House know that theyre dividing America for no good reason. Weve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs , getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada. The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosis disgraceful Witch Hunt, yet he will not allow a White House lawyer, nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press!
Make America Great Again!
Such an amazing game , place!
He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.
Such GREAT people!
Great!
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
Thank you Terrence!
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you!
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
Totally!
A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing?
Thank you Lee and David!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....Whatever happened to the so-called informer to Whistleblower Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldnt he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi who backed up Schiffs lie, Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call, the 2nd Whistleblower who also disappeared, , the I.G., be part of the list!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party , me, the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America!
Bringing the word Nationalism back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book.
Just finished reading my son Donalds just out new book, Triggered. It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!
We will win big!
True!
Good luck Vince, this will be great!
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show, perhaps The Apprentice, after the presidency, which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true, never had such a conversation, dont even have time to think about it. False reporting!
Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff, claims the law is on the presidents side on Ukraine
I will be announcing the winners of the and inviting them to the to meet with me and perform. Good luck!
STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters, Matt Zapotosky, Josh Dawsey, and Carol Leonnig, wrote another Fake News story, without any sources pure fiction, about Bill Barr , myself. We both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
THANK YOU!
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing trial in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER , NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
What did Hunter Biden do for the money? A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!
Read the Transcript!
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an anonymous source that doesnt exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We dont have freedom of the press!
Just returned to the after a great evening in Monroe, Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat, find your polling location below , go vote for your next
....The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
The story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine, is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that dont exist....
Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as Fact Checkers would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they dont use Fact Checkers anymore, they just write whatever they want!
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday, its time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor, FINDER
A great evening last night in Kentucky and Mississippi for the Republican Party with 13 BIG WINS, including a Governorship in Mississippi. Congratulations to everyone!
Thanks to many of you here today, my Administration and Republicans in Congress have now confirmed 157 FEDERAL JUDGES who will uphold our Constitution AS WRITTEN, a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement!
....Also talked about their Border with Syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the Kurds, and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday, November 13th at the
Just had a very good call with President of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi....
Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt, Ethiopia, and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, one of the largest in the world, currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day!
Stock Markets all three hit another ALL TIME , HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President just kidding!. Spend your money well!
Thank you to Kurt Volker, U.S. Envoy to Ukraine, who said in his Congressional Testimony, just released, You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo, et cetra. NONE, because I didnt know there was a quid pro quo. Witch Hunt!
Based on the things Ive seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I dont think there are, or will be, well founded articles of Impeachment here. Robert Wray, respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems!
Based on the Kentucky results, Mitch McConnell will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
Great going Tate!
Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for on Wednesday night. Big Rally!
A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers.
Congratulations to on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough Fake News will blame Trump!. Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
Great going Daniel, proud of you!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
KENTUCKY! Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! MISSISSIPPI! Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket!Polls are open for a few more hours, find your location below!
Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida!
KENTUCKY! Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! MISSISSIPPI! Get out today and VOTE for and the entire Republican ticket! Find your polling location below!
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal.
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo , Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened , bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE!
This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
....monsters, the United States stands ready, willing , able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The cant get anything done!
Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard!
THANK YOU Lexington, Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before and the BEST IS YET TO COME!
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened and bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!
My son, is coming out with a new book, Triggered How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
Read the Transcript!
Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard , done a GREAT job, Gov Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matts leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday!
....I dont like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
Many people say they know me, claiming to be best friends and really close etc., when I dont know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I dont know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito.....
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didnt happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Whistleblower gave false information , dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is perfectly stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected and before!. Disgraceful!
Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
Great! But how do you know it was a mistweet? May be something with deep meaning!
Congratulations to the Washington 2019 World Series Champions!
Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns , raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
Mark Levin We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call, I dont know what we need witnesses for? Cant we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what Im reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO. So plain and simple!
Good point!
We wont Steve!
Dont miss this show!
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesnt matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiffs manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shiftys rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker , freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the call, is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers , others that are , were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border , 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblowers identity, which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners, never reaches the Public.
The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment Process in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up , manage the California forests which are always burning!
Fake News!
The Angry Majority!
Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95!
....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
Thank you to for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS, SPIES AND LIES....
Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky I Love You!, please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with for the big Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA , KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big Rally...
Great fight Champ!
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Party, dont want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay. Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
....putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Dont pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water, and you can have it now!
..Every year, as the fires rage , California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You dont see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....
The Governor of California, has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must clean his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....
Didnt he pick the Whistleblower?
A giant Scam!
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician!
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard , done a GREAT job, Governor Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matts leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday!
A great new book by Howie Carr, What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton, is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate fraudulent?. Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff andor his committee?
You cant Impeach someone who hasnt done anything wrong!
Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was born for this. I dont think so!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just dont have their backs. New Yorks Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack , drill for Gold oil while reducing taxes , creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty , unsafe again, as....
I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo the brother of Fredo, or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work and to keep him out of jams, a reason some dont want to be...
Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S,P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
....Our Republican candidate is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisianas economy and your Second Amendment rights....
.... The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!
Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems nor did any of them. Facts matter, and thats why this is not about Impeachment. Guy Lewis, former prosecutor...
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
The Democrats need more than this. Much more!
The Democrats are so immersed in this SCAM. They couldnt care less about the American people!
Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just wont happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and its all on the Democrat Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. Thats whats going on. Cannot be said any better!
It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasnt done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasnt done a single thing of which he has been accused. A Witch Hunt like no other!
Thanks Lee!
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just dont have their backs. New Yorks Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack , drill for Gold oil while reducing taxes , creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty , unsafe again, as
I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo the brother if Fredo, or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work and to keep him out of jams, a reason some dont want to be...
But the Crooked Democrats dont want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty.
A great place!
Thank you!
Louisiana, Ill see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts!
....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of.....
....New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I cant believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad!
While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People, and continue the Impeachment Scam, my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS, as seen over the past month, below!
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats dont care!
....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar , Rates are hurting...
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60 of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
Congratulations to you left , in the dust thats because the dont tell the truth!.
Thank you Matt.
.....to any President, of either party, again. Laura
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and its up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, dont you think? This farce should....
Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that.....
Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing!
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation, but the live version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week!
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA!
The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning.
Thank you
Adam Schiffs drive to impeach Trump based on opinions, deception and illusions Not facts
We will be having a big rally for Governor on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today!
....Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development last in nation and auto insurance highest in nation wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!
Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy....
AMERICAN HERO!
Thank you and for standing with us for Better, Cheaper, Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years, harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem!
...our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats dont care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!
My friend Mike of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting...
....the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces. Mitch McConnell. The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN all three!
Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS , other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats wont fund......
Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they the Dems say theyre going to filibuster for the exact same program. Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Yesterdays Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they including the President of Ukraine found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post which is no longer available at the White House!. He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so shes going to put it to a vote because thats what her political left really wants. A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
The Greatest Economy in American History!
.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, No Pressure. This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Dont we have to follow our competitors? Yes we do. The Fed doesnt have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
A great new book just out, The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History. Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadis number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call concerned todays Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Cant be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call why would I say something inappropriate?, which was fine with me, but why so many?
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Wheres the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
A great book by a great guy. Get it now!
Correct, a total scam!
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE.
This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shiftys side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!
There is no underlying crime in that transcript. 100 correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office. J.J. Crovatto Dont worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker , corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party , me!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didnt inform him before we raided and killed the terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldnt be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
So nice, thank you!
We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog name not declassified that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi!
An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger!
THANK YOU
The S,P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401-Ks, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!
Thank you to and for a job well done!
As Diwali commences, Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration!
Something very big has just happened!
Governor has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military....
....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor,
MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee, Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisianas economy and your Second Amendment rights....
....Our Republican candidate is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
Wheres the Whistleblower?
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at
....
....greatly help the African American community and all other communities, and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
Badly failing presidential candidate will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce , sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will..
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
I cant believe that Nancy Pelosis District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary , environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person. It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence , information, as are Clapper , Brennan , all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.Terrible! Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!
...Thank you Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard , Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK, and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....
General Michael Flynns attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW, October 26th from 10am-2pm at
Great Book!
Wow!
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower they no longer want the second Whistleblower either, which they dont want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false a fraud?. Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
To Tim The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!
I appreciate the support of Senator Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors....
It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 2020 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina, and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award, thank you!
Thank you
Heading to South Carolina!
Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at , to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry. Thank you Lou
....COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!
....USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then....
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I dont have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls , unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, its not so easy out there if you dont know what youre doing. He wasnt effective for USA workers, just talk!
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0 Tim Ryan, 0 Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldnt stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant Schiff? who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
I really enjoyed my conversation with General He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on TurkeyKurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected the Insurance Policy!. A total Scam!
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesnt lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!
Dont hurt them please!
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing!
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt!
Kiddingly Were building a Wall in Coloradothen stated, were not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall were building on the Border refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado , Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride!
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good I hope!, could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, Im sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor who I dont know, in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency....
The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!
Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon.
Wheres the Whistleblower?
Big success on the TurkeySyria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 1100 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!
....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national , local student organization. Our studends....
....feel EMPOWERED. Theres a movement happening on these campuses like Ive never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldnt get in, thats pretty remarkable! Turning Point USA KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA , other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
Neither he Taylor or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You cant have a quid pro quo with no quo. Congressman John Ratcliffe Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible!
Thank you Steve!
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing!
The Witch Hunt continues!
The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time!
Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!
Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News!
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
Great Job Tim!
The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they dont have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.
Cant believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isnt moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they dont know why she isnt putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for US last night. Really good!
So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
.... I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? Were still waiting for that report!
...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94 of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. Thats squarely in his corner. Thats a revealing poll, dont you think that matters?...
I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesnt take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.
The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.
Congratulations to on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support!
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote!
Will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. on Enjoy!
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats , their Partner, the Fake News Media! Im surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! Well find someplace else!
Censure at least Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?
Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino, EXONERATED, THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless, the Scam continues!
Thank you John, so nice!
A Great Democrat Scam!
Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician!
Congratulations Barbara!
To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.
So interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing DemocratFake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!
....fiction to Congress and the American People? I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, , when do the Republicans finally fight back?
....because their so-called story didnt come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didnt the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. Hes already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the informant? All gone.....
Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, , then did NOTHING, losing Syria , all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obamas mistake!
The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil. Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy!
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard a Russian favorite, and Jill Stein a Russian asset. As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!. Hillarys gone Crazy!
Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING!
....Therefore, based on both Media , Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!
.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or, if legally permissible, at ZERO COST to the USA. But, as usual, the Hostile Media , their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!
I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral, in Miami, for hosting the G-7 Leaders. It is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, has tremendous ballrooms , meeting rooms, and each delegation would have...
Mark Esperanto, Secretary of Defense, The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds. USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!
The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION. Yesterdays Mick Mulvaney statement
See you there!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a Russian Asset. They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
It is ONLY about this!
Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL, this time from of course!
. Thank you Tom. Great interview on
A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel!
I dont see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy. Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor
Thank you very much. Working hard!
I agree!
Texas is great!
There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy!
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and theyve all failed miserably. Heres why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote. Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
Congressman Michael McCaul, Schiffs inquiry defies Democracy.
Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end. Corrupt Adam Schiff
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! Hes got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!
REPUBLICANS MUST STICK TOGETHER AND FIGHT!
Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!
....He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dans experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
DEFEAT TERRORISM!
.....this thinking years ago. Instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, , in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides , a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil, , the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds , Turkey....
Just spoke to President of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. Likewise, the Kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. Too bad there wasnt.....
....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!!!!
The USA!
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream!
Tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party, the Fake News Media, and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3, 2020!
The radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me, because I am fighting for YOU!
Thank you Dallas, Texas - I love you!
Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in!
See you soon Dallas, Texas!
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this Deal for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some tough love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with and Thank you to Millions of lives will be saved!
This number, based on the Economy , how well our Country is doing, would potentially be 75 if not for the Fake News , Phony Witch Hunt. 95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party!
As the Witch Hunt continues!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History!
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!
This is the real story. Thank you Jim!
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops , bring them home from the ridiculous , costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see whats happening here?
About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president , leading for a political settlement to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter. BuckSexton
Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating making up a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!
Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see!
What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on? Joe D , Victoria T!
THANK YOU you Dallas, Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center!
This President is the most patriotic President Ive seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans. Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her upstairs, or she just plain doesnt like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!
The Do Nothing Democrats, Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room!
Nervous Nancys unhinged meltdown!
Do you think they like me?
Im fighting for the American people, but the Democrats sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
FAKE NEWS!
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!
Guatemala, Honduras , El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress, the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement , security.
Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, The Case Against Socialism which is now out. Highly recommended as America was founded on LIBERTY , INDEPENDENCE not government coercion, domination , control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!
Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina, , a Governors runoff in Louisiana, which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud, we will easily take back the House, add in the Senate, , again win Pres!
What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty. The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal , absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!
We now have the greatest Economy in history!
A great group of Champions!
Looks good to me!
.... It also brings Shiftys fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on and much more!
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says cant testify, , the reason he cant testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud , totally different from the actual transcribed call...
The amazing comeback reminds us to never give up and never lose faith. When you work hard, support each other, believe in yourself, and give it everything youve got, victory is always within reach!
Congratulations
Now that we have found out that is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?
Join me in Dallas, Texas this Thursday October 17th at the American Airlines Center!
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
Just out MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Governor has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has!
Hunter Biden was really bad on Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they dont need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zuckers Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal BIAS! Does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?
A big scandal at News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Bidens son, Hunter, like why did Ukraine , China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they dont need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States...
It doesnt speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasnt spoken. The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment. This is a Democrat Party Impeachment, as I have been saying, a silent COUP effort.
The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives...
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkeys Actions in Northeast Syria
Some people want the United States to protect the 7,000 mile away Border of Syria, presided over by Bashar al-Assad, our enemy. At the same time, Syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the Kurds....
....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way, numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!
After defeating 100 of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria....
To his credit the Europeans didnt step up to deal with this ISIS problem its a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now, Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off....
....Dont the Europeans have a lot of responsibility? Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
Great new book, Resistance At All Costs How Trump Haters Are Breaking America out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!
....of the correction which they knew about full well! Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll Analysis
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention....
America First!
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved!
Vote for good guy tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
Happy Columbus Day!
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
Brian Kilmeade over at got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners, but didnt want the cost. Let the USA pay, they said...
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!
....Democrats game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
Adam Schiff now doesnt seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblowers identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
The Democrats are trashing this President, , in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that theyre willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.
Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father and my friend, Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial , good one. It was only Schiffs made up version of that conversation that was bad!
The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to, or be allowed in, the United States!
. on is doing a big show tonight on the Democrats Impeachment Scam. 1000 P.M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry like so many others!. At 900 P.M. on Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Wheres Hunter?
Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided hed better make up one of his own. Im going to say this only SEVEN times, so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT, UNDERSTAND, LOTS OF IT, AND.....
.....BY THE WAY, DONT CALL ME AGAIN, ILL CALL YOU WHEN YOUVE DONE WHAT IVE ASKED. A reminder, that wasnt just stupid, it was FALSE. I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress , the American People. End Witch Hunt!
CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS , RANCHERS!
My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product, not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects, start preparing....
....I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25 to 30 on October 15th. They will remain at 25. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal, then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized , signed soon!
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, North Carolina last week!
Happy Birthday
We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before, and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
Wheres Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Dealing with and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq, who we just fought for. I said no, and the Kurds left the fight, twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey......
Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border, for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?
The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50. Big upset! Now who will be a great Governor, will win!
A despicable human being!
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor, Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand, 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives and millions of lives when you count the other side, are now fighting to keep us there. Dont listen to people that havent got a clue. They have proven to be inept!
The Governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN, Thank you Louisiana! 66 down to 47 after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.
The Endless Wars Must End!
Start thinking about getting bigger tractors!
That is the real story!
Happy National Farmers Day!
So now they are after the legendary crime buster and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC, Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Louisiana, get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!
....Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc., but WOW, the Farmers really hit pay dirt! Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!
The deal I just made with China is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill!
Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower. Schiff is a lying mess!
LOUISIANA Tomorrow, you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either or BOTH GREAT!
Louisiana REPUBLICANS, thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governors Mansion!
I never saw so many subpoenas! The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine Presidents statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. Dont want him at the White House!
WHERES HUNTER?
Is he leaving due to bad ratings, or some other less important reason?
Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon!
....Congratulations Kevin, on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now, after many years in Government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
A terrible and very dishonest person!
We love you THANK YOU!
Really good news!
So Great!
A Giant Scam!
Amazing Evening!
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky!
Do you believe this? A total Scam!
A great evening in beautiful Minnesota!
What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people , families!
Will be with our two GREAT Senators, , tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working, really smart men, love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!
One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated, I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
I will be in Louisiana tonight Love it! to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost worst in USA, , is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by This article is FAKE NEWS!
Over the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in 2020!
A GREAT evening in Minneapolis, Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU!
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by This article is FAKE NEWS!
WOW, THANK YOU Minneapolis, Minnesota on my way!
We defeated 100 of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey, in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years....
....We have one of three choices Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
Why isnt the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it wont, because the Dems , Media are FIXED!
Thank you to One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT, let the Kurds fight their own battles even with our financial help. I say hit Turkey very hard financially , with sanctions if they dont play by the rules! I am watching closely.
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy!
...Court Justice , I turned him down hes been terrible ever since, Shep Smith, who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions , got fired from , others, doesnt deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well, Im President!
From the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme....
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded Democrats claim. This should immediately end the talk of impeachment!
In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!
Impeached for what, having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, building our strongest ever Military, Cutting Taxes too much?
A different take!
I dont think its a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended. John Kiriakou
The hardest thing I have to do as President...
Sleepy Joe Biden!
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joes Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone elses Campaign in order to win that didnt work out so well, and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships a record by far, handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!
....DACA stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country, in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA, and be done the right way!
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA, that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA, it gives the President extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......
Crooked Hillary should try it again!
True. Should have never been there in the first place!
Why doesnt the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start, a Dem Hoax!
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country!
So true Don, and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump, for less. Cant let this pass!
But we are now, for the first time, giving companies a better alternative!
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!
They dont have a clue, but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed!
....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial, a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
The so-called Whistleblower, before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript, stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security. This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists, only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!
....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false , now disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly , carefully bringing our great soldiers , military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE.....
Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars, for us, are ending!
So make all Member Countries pay, not just the United States!
He should be Impeached for Fraud!
.....The Whistleblowers lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
The Whistleblowers facts have been so incorrect about my no pressure conversation with the Ukrainian President, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country, this Wirch Hunt should end now!
So amazing!
Wow, Just Breaking The big deal Whistleblower had a PROFESSIONAL TIE to 2020 Democratic Candidate. Washington Examiner, In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasnt this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone elses Campaign in order to win that didnt work out so well, and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships a record by far, handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!
Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say. Bret Baier and Jake Gibson This is true even though Mueller denied it!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA!
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation $2.50 vs. $4.50. I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just arent doing the trick! Dont worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesnt get it!
....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards, who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday, force a runoff!
This is just the beginning, thank you to
The U.S. Border is SECURE!
....In fact, the Cops For Trump T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume, but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
Friday night in Louisiana will be Great. Big crowd expected. Republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates , so we can stop Left Leaning Governor John Bel Edwards from getting over 50. We will easily win the runoff!
Hasnt Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?
Get your great T-Shirts, Cops for Trump, at REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers , Union!
Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he cant price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly , proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor, and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually, I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100!!!!
I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how , why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting C Subpoena!
....to see. Importantly, Ambassador Sondlands tweet, which few report, stated, I believe you are incorrect about President Trumps intentions. The President has been crystal clear no quid pro quos of any kind. That says it ALL!
I would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where Republicans rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public....
....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financiallyweapons!
We may be in the process of leaving Syria, but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey, a NATO and Trading partner, has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully....
.....good health, at my request, Pastor Brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember, and importantly, that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th.
So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province, and returning, in very.....
The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again!
Thank you Joni!
Adam should be Impeached!
Great book!
There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitutions very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You cant be impeached for the conduct thats been alleged in this case. Dershowitz. A Scam!
Thank you
The Truth About Impeachment
....the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100 of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!
As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey Ive done before!. They must, with Europe and others, watch over...
....down, watching over a quagmire, , spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back , BLAST!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who dont even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia , China, because they love seeing us bogged.....
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
....doesnt even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut. Stephen Moore, Freedomworks That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!
Heritage Foundation These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...
Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama. And almost everything else is better also except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY!
IG DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER. But why are people surprised? The partisan Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, no pressure, call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!
We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman, Ajit Pai!
...figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their neighborhood. They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!
....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
....including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials. They.....
.....again said NO, thinking, as usual, that the U.S. is always the sucker, on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for....
The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100 of the ISIS Caliphate,.....
....This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly Colluded with them, must all be immediately Impeached!
Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan Whistleblower , lawyer...
. forgot to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!
Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?
Gerry Baker of Do you think what youve seen rises to the level of impeachment? Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. I dont!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasnt getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota this Thursday, October 10th at 700pm! Tickets
Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on Deface the Nation. The CBS no name hostess, and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong as usual, but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm actually, all over the Country will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!
Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.
....And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1 Joe Biden - I just dont think its going to happen. Sleepy Joe wont get to the starting gate, , based on all of the money he , his family probably extorted, Joe should hang it up. I wouldnt want him dealing with China , U!
The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
....and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers , others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month Plus,Plus from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,...
The Democrats are lucky that they dont have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc., but they stick together!
95 Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed!
The great Scam is being revealed!
The first so-called second hand information Whistleblower got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another Whistleblower is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching , engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at. Peter Schweizer, author, Secret Empires.
Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game!
Mitt, get off the stage, youve had your turn twice!
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I cant make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
No Kevin, Jeff Flake is better!
Im hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats!
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
Schiff is a FRAUD!
THIS IS THE REAL STORY!
Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous ass who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run I gave it to him, and when he begged me to be Secretary of State I didnt give it to him. He is so bad for Rs!
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!
The so-called Whistleblowers account of my perfect phone call is way off, not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
The Media is Fixed and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The , are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!
NEW EXTREME DEMS NOW RUNNING THE PARTY!
Thank you and
SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS!
Too bad!
Thank you
Report Whistleblower Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General
GREAT BOOK!
Pelosi Blatantly Lies During Interview About Schiffs Reading of Ukraine Transcript
Where is the LameStream Media on this?
Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country!
Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine or the President of Ukraine never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him source. The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
....of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes , misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election. Richard Ketay
It isnt often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi , Schiff, , the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump , the President...
Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC, the Do Nothing Democrat leader.
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota next Thursday, October 10th at 700pm! Tickets
My daughter Ivanka will be on tonight on at 800 P.M., following the great at 700. Enjoy!
....it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
Adam Schiffs connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light. These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment scam to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading....
LYIN SHIFTY SCHIFF!
When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale. Rep. Lee Zeldin
I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. , vice versa.
At the request of I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C,. and so do I!
Under my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!
WOW, this is big stuff!
I think its outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent. Ed Rollins
The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo. Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!
When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale. Rep. Lee Zeldin
The Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
Breaking News Unemployment Rate, at 3.5, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President even though he did nothing wrong!.
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
The Washington Times, Ukraine envoy blows massive hole into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure. The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
Nancy Pelosi today, on actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didnt fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover strongly called her out. Sue her?
They Do Nothing Dems are trying to nullify an election... Joe diGenova
This isnt about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale!
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the Press, but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are, and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
Great job Jim!
AOC is a Wack Job!
The Do Nothing Democrats dont have time to get it done!
Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems!
As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!
...blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory, the narrative, that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public.
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
Today at The Villages in Florida, it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicare for our Nations Seniors. Todays action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the American People!
It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. Ive never seen the Media work so hard with so little. Witch Hunt!
Thank you really well done!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.
Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems
There wasnt ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldnt get everybody in. I will be back soon!
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
95 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!
Leader McCarthy, we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems dont have a chance!
Fake News, just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged, they have lost their minds!
Schiff is a lowlife who should resign at least!.
Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign!
The Republican Party has never had such support!
Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice!
Thank you Hugh!
A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now!
Great job Richard!
Keep up the great work Kellie!
The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden. Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION!
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete , Total Endorsement!
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!
Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blowers Accusations SCHIFF IS A FRAUD!
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyones time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, youll need it!
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS!
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices , working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401Ks, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats havent met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here. Jeanne Zaino.
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this stuff from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine it was perfect, fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governors race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake.
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
....People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the....
REPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham both Great, which will lead to a runoff against....
....a Nancy PelosiChuck Schumer Democrat John Bel Edwards, who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Dont be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started!
Why isnt Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they dont have a clue. Pathetic!
....the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all as confirmed by Ukrainian Pres.. It is just another Democrat Hoax!
So if the so-called Whistleblower has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my perfect call with the Ukrainian President is wrong much to the embarrassment of Pelosi , Schiff, why arent we entitled to interview , learn everything about....
The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT, unless you heard Liddle Adam Schiffs fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, HOAX!
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the Peoples Republic of China!
Great job, just in time!
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting ObamaBiden OUT, , getting TrumpPence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 , Inauguration!
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this!
Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten, we are fighting for you!
THANK YOU!
He misled Rep. Adam Schiff MILLIONS of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. Completely fabricated account out of thin air!
My great friend, has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor starting Tuesday and Strong Leader,
BIG NEWS by and on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. Thats a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!
Great news! announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers!
Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world!
It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley!
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union dont do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administrations handling of the 2016 Election. Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster.
President Trumps Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50, and you can add to that many votes from voters that dont talk about their vote. Once they saw the Presidents numbers going up, they said We gotta do something, so..
WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Again, the President of Ukraine said there was NO ZERO PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!
Again, the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO ZERO PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
....place in TRADE, its taking shape in Military Competition. Johnathan Ward, author and China expert. We are winning, and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!
After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijings plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic , military superpower in the 21st Century. Whats happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding thank you President Trump. This is taking.....
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE , terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?
The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress , the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!
China Trade Turmoil China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution. China is doing very poorly while the USA, under your favorite Presidents leadership, continues to soar to new heights - and, despite the Do Nothing Democrats, we have just begun!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats.
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office which they will never be, it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal. Pastor Robert Jeffress,
....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. Thats the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
....rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats dont care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016....
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats cant put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldnt beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and theyre increasingly aware of the fact that they wont win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe. You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughters wedding, and her Yoga!
....we are going to have an Election very shortly. Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
All thats swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, its whats on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,....
These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying , cheating like never before in our Countrys history in order to destabilize the United States of America , its upcoming 2020 Election. They , the Fake News Media are Dangerous , Bad!
....In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND , THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the Whistleblower. Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud , Treason.....
Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called Whistleblower, represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America, Israel, and around the World!
Investigating Corruption is correct!
So great Mark!
Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big!
These are Trumped-Up Charges.
The Fake News doesnt dare mention the corrupt Democrats!
The only people that dont like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated , admitted to this fabrication. Sick!
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing the Impeachment Scam, but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!
WOW, they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now!
....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up , twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people, defaming , libeling me. He must resign from Congress!
The Whistleblowers complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called Whistleblower knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic , wrong, just like Liddle Adam Schiff..
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes , Regulations, fixed the VA , gotten Choice for our Vets after 45 years, , so much more?...
They are trying to stop ME, because I am fighting for YOU!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!
Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug!
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News!
I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP!
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isnt considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isnt a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?
The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!
Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesnt exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it...
...sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
....sound horrible, an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesnt exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it....
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasnt bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
Obama loving wrote Obama book Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that dont even exist. I had a simple and very..
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle Adam Schiff. Low ratings purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats!
Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by on 900 PM. Will play my full statement from Air Force One!
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Cant have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!
Congratulations to my friend our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!
Liddle Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President, has just said that the Whistleblower, even though he or she only had second hand information, is credible. How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!
Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!
That, and many other reasons, is why Republicans will win North Carolina!
Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no treason. Robert Ray
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER, PLAY THEIR GAME, AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!
THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
Thank you Jim!
If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasnt!
So bad for our Country!
So cute! Her father is under siege, for no reason, since his first day in office!
One of our best fundraising days EVER!
So true, but it will never work!
Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crimes or misdemeanors, no treason, no extortion, no treason. RD Robert Ray, respected
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
I have informed Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter, on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily....
Wow! Ukraine Whistleblowers lead attorney donated to Biden.
He President Trump didnt specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of...unless you investigate this...were going to withhold military aid to you. Pamela Brown
You dont see a direct quid pro quo in this.
Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trumps alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.
Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!
The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated. And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
Thank you and
Thank you
He Trump has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If its not one thing, its another. Its a DISGRACE!
Sooooo true
Thank you -- totally agree!
They Dems are scrambling for a theme and narrative. Theyve gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now theyve come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election, they think in their bizarre brains that they did...
Mark Levin Media trying to protect Biden, ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL
Attorney For Anti-Trump Whistleblower Worked For Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They dont know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
Such an important day at the United Nations, so much work and so much success, and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it, including legislation on gun safety, lowering of prescription drug prices, infrastructure, etc. So bad for our Country!
THANK YOU!
....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....
Hopefully they will work it out, and quickly!
True. A wonderful meeting!
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see!
bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraines President. Wow! It is all a DemocratAdam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!
94 approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you, working hard!
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge!
....know the correct facts. Is he on our Countrys side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff , the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing which I didnt do, was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard. These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called whistleblower who doesnt...
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
..Breaking News The Ukrainian Government just said they werent pressured at all during the nice call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his sons company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. Thats the real story!
Now the Fake News Media says I pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him. This supposedly comes from a so-called whistleblower who they say doesnt even have a first hand account of what was said. More DemocratCrooked Media con.....
Incredible!
The USA Loves India!
Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!
Look forward to being with our great India loving community!
The is trying to make someone Justice Kavanaugh into an evil person when they dont have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax. Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas!
They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man. 100 correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!
I go along with Joe!
Go across the world and youll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I dont think hell fire Jay Powell even if I should!. We should always be paying less interest than others!
The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs. Peter Schweizer Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy, or anything else.
When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This story is the most irresponsible thing Ive ever seen. I agree. They also lose too much!
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesnt check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners, the Democrats. It is so wrong, but they dont even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!
The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!
Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long, friendly, and it touched on many questions. Correct. If your looking for something done wrong, just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!
Theyre trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal. The problem is, Trump did nothing wrong!
It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trumps conversation....
....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?
The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the ObamaClinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump again.
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal DemocratFake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone bust on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
This is the real and only story!
....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Bidens demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesnt want to report!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son, or they wont get a very large amount of U.S. money, so they fabricate a.....
Theyre trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal. The problem is, Trump did nothing wrong!
I want to express my gratitude to Americas magnificent for tonights exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship betweenBoth of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage, unfailing commitment, and unyielding character!
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children, Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom. She and her husband, Sean Duffy, have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids!
Thank you, working hard!
....statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners, headed up again by Little Adam Schiff, and batting Zero for 21 against me, are at it again! They think I may have had a dicey conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a highly partisan whistleblowers..
Oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City, who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth, has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated, hes coming home!
The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy. The Best Is Yet To Come.
Great news. just renewed her deal with Fox. I dont care how much they paid her, they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!
Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of in the Oval Office today.
Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassleys drug pricing bill very much, and its great to see Speaker Pelosis bill today. Lets get it done in a bipartisan way!
Presidential Harassment!
....Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially heavily populated call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader, I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies, not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
GREAT progress on the Border Wall!
All Polls, and some brand new Polls, show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time, especially with sooo much good that could be done, including prescription drug price reduction, healthcare, infrastructure etc.
Thank you!
Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No guts, no sense, no vision! A terrible communicator!
Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT
....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California, you will be out of business.
The Trump Administration is revoking Californias Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......
.... advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard, but the cars will be....
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. OBrien, currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department, as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long , hard with Robert. He will do a great job!
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy no longer even close, number one in Energy! MAGA KAG!
Terrence K. Williams, You cant impeach Trump for being a winner!
IIhan Omar, a member of AOC Plus 3, will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party!
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward!
Great!
Thank you Corey!
The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history!
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee, President Trump didnt do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country, and getting nothing done. Shameful!
No Lindsey, it was a sign of strength that some people just dont understand!
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasnt the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!
Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey!
Just departed New Mexico for California, where we are delivering results!
The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money, but it is a journalistic disaster, being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them...
....That story Kavanaugh is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.
If you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers, and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth, you have only one choice you must elect more REPUBLICANS!
We are all united by the same love of Country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! Bound by these convictions, we will campaign for every vote , we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020!
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
On my way to New Mexico see you all shortly at the
...She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while youre at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! Theyve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong. The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didnt even remember the event.
Congratulations
This afternoon at the it was my great honor to present our nations highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to American baseball legend Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement, Mo!
Thank you, working hard!
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight, where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day see you in a few hours!
In a short while I will be presenting the New York the greatest relief pitcher Closer! of all time, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the
....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
They failed on the Mueller Report, they failed on Robert Muellers testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea, except I will, and have always expected to, lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..
Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done. Governor John Sununu The big questions are, will they move the goalposts and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but Ill be able to figure it out!
Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their airspace when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. Well see?
Just Out Kavanaugh accuser doesnt recall incident. DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
Whats happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him, a disgrace! Dan Bongino
The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim. The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner, the Dems.
...The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They cant believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell , the Fed dont have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!
Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to Chinas big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates...
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years thank you, Mr. President!, we are a net Energy Exporter, , now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We dont need Middle Eastern Oil , Gas, , in fact have very few tankers there, but will help our Allies!
.....These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come, said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees. The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!
The This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trumps Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obamas pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. OConnell to remake the Federal Judiciary....
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the Congressional Slush Fund, and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report, sadly for them after two years and $40,000,000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION, ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say, OK, lets look at everything else, and all of the deals that Trump has done over his lifetime. But it doesnt....
One my way to New Mexico see you all shortly at the
We cannot have what happened to this President happen again. Joe DiGenova. It is time for Justice to come barreling in. Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, No Conditions. That is an incorrect statement as usual!.
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
PLENTY OF OIL!
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!
....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount....
....Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate. True, but what is going on at the NOT Fake News!
Cant believe the wrote a positive front page story, Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology , Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump......
I am fighting the Fake Corrupt News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation, with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big 150th Federal Judge this week!
Cant let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat Liberal Plus Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories sound familiar?, false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Cant let that happen!
Thank you and Great interview!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Cant let that happen!
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
All based on NOTHING! The Dems cant get anything positive done, and probably dont want to.
Thank you Billy!
Thank you!
My great honor!
That is true, and the USA is Winning Again!
Amazing!
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!
Im OK with that!
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
94 Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesnt have the it factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the ComcastNBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
A Very Stable Genius! Thank you.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Lets get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration!
Historic Milestone indeed!
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!
....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!
Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!....
....IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced , Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You dont impeach Presidents for doing a good great! job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!
How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians , Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military , Choice for Vets...
....Became Number 1 in World , Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 12 years despite phony , fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony , James Comey..
Hello Baltimore!
In fact, my views on Venezuela, and especially Cuba, were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back!
This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.
We cant beat him, so lets impeach him! Democrat Rep. Al Green
Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election! McCarthy
Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!
It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
European Central Bank, acting quickly, Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying, and succeeding, in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar, hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits, and sits, and sits. They get paid to borrow money, while we are paying interest!
Thank you Brandon!
Thank you!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts!
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
....on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods 25 to 30, from October 1st to October 15th.
At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the Peoples Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum!
Today and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our liberty, to uplift our communities, to live up to our values, to prove worthy of our heroes, and above all, to NEVER FORGET.
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
If it werent for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done more than any other President in the first 2 12 years!, I would be leading the Partners of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!
In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington PostABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points how did that work out?, Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election....
....This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I havent even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!
....The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the navet of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesnt allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of Boneheads.
The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO, or less, and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN, while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency, power, and balance sheet.....
China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.
Greg Murphy won big, 62 to 37, in North Carolina 03, , the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg , Dan!
Alice Stewart Thank you for the nice words while on concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. Youd be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!
. , were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!
BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. , are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. , are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Excellent interview by on on Very interesting and secure perspective on life.
One down, one to go Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina!
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border!
....I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore....
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great, the best ever!
ABCWashington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
Last night in North Carolina was incredible!
Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard!
THANK YOU GREAT JOB!!
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in and Greg Murphy in
THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in and Greg Murphy in
NORTH CAROLINA Vote for Dan Bishop in and Greg Murphy in TOMORROW. Make it a great day for Republicans!
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian.
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville, North Carolina. This is amazing!
Speaking to Governor of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop running for Congress. Vote tomorrow!
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today THANK YOU and God Bless You All!
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on earth. Over the last four days, we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
...the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020, but that will NEVER HAPPEN, Americans are too smart!
...the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt, and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership, including...
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk, but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 12 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and thats all that is important!
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg, Ireland. Mikes family has lived in Doonbeg for many years, and he thought that during his very busy European visit, he would stop and see his family!
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport which I do not own and have nothing to do with near Turnberry Resort which I do own in Scotland, and filling up with fuel, with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry they have good taste!. NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
..that this Administration has done. They dont talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, Choice at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme Court Justices, the Border Wall going up, lowest crime numbers, 2nd A, and so much more!
As bad as is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93 negative, but actually 100 negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things...
...But most importantly, is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information , Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me, Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much? It is a fraudulent shame, , all comes from the top!
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT,T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible anchors. Also, I hear that, because of its bad ratings, it is losing a fortune.....
94 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!
...but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina, was reported missing, only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail, then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend, it sounded like his political career was over. It was,....
North Carolina, vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
Maria , John understood the dishonesty , deception from the very beginning!
....musician and his filthy mouthed wife, are talking now about how great it is - but I didnt see them around when we needed help getting it passed. Anchor doesnt even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about....
....A man named and many others, were profusely grateful at that time!. I SIGNED IT INTO LAW, no one else did, , Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed, people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring.....
.....the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players, or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed, all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators , others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldnt come close....
The Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 12 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and thats all that is important!
Congratulations to Pirro on having, again, the Number One Best Selling Book!
Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. Were having a BIG RALLY for a great guy, Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime, Borders, your Military and our Vets, we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, Borders, and against your 2nd A.
WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL...
Leakin Lyin James Comey!
....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks, and would even kill 12 innocent people, then they probably dont have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?
....an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers, and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didnt, they....
Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately, in order to build false leverage, they admitted to..
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just wont let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding , deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker who lovingly wrote Obama book,Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama. THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
Our Economy is doing great!!!!!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West!
Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great!
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do. Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol
The Washington Posts Mr. Off the Record , two nasty lightweight reporters, shouldnt even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING , FAKE. Also, add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer!
I want to congratulate Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges, including many in the Appellate Courts , two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!
....I would also like to thank Papa Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help!
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me, their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA, the U.S. Coast Guard, , the brave people of the Bahamas..
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
....that were not hit and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!
The and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
The Washington Posts Lost Summer
China is eating the Tariffs. Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No InflationFed. China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to uncertainty is the Fake News!
Great job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U.S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!
....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting, still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for, like the Witch Hunt, or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said, at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian, that in addition to Florida , other states, Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy, hoping against hope that I made a mistake which I didnt. Check out maps.....
Larry Kudlow on now!
Our great has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. Its called, Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Lefts Plot To Remake America. It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it!
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by She is a terrific person with a great future!
Congratulations to and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
I agree with the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didnt exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you cant win them all!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didnt feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think its very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful. .....
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I dont have the right to unsigned. Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
The Immigration Law Institutes Christopher Hajec says, The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trumps recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesnt.....
....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldnt worry about a recession.
I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesnt see any weakening. I mean, look at the joblessness report today. What Im surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it a deal more than we do. Its statistical. I just think....
Looking forward to watching Sanders tomorrow morning on by far the rated show on Morning Cable at 830am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to
Great job done by Senator and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at were with you ALL THE WAY!
Just spoke to Governor of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the ready to assist via our great team over at who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not!
Just as I said, Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it!
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians wont be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
After almost 3 years in my Administration, Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer....
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path up along the East Coast. The Fake News knows this very well. Thats why theyre the Fake News!
....said what she did, even being on a much higher rated show, she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
Bad actress Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a Blacklist of Trump supporters, , is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr....
In the early days of the hurricane, when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach, even before it reached the Bahamas, certain models strongly suggested that Alabama , Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida , to the Gulf....
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast, where it continues now. In the one model through Florida, the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took, no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
Thank you Rad - looking great!
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans!
....information does come out. Charlie Hurt, Washington Times
Absolutely nothing is more important than going back , getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using Americas Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known, undisputed...
....facts, and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasnt already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are, and how terrified they are about whats going to happen when that....
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies!
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina, District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w the Military, our Vets, , your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border, has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!
6. The Democrats destructive environmental proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Dont the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?
4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...BUT... 5. Whos got the worlds cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!
1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?AMERICA!2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air? CHINA!3. 91 of the worlds population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organizations suggested level. NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!
7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hurts Americans, and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet weve now got that!
8 FACTS that will ignore in tonights Climate Forum
....We cant have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Dont keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done. Sam Zell
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. Theyre sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! Weve got to change the rules. The U.S. cant defend the world and pay for it....
The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. Youve got to be very tough, and thats what Trump is doing. Its in Chinas interest to correct, and I think well end up with a solution thats dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...
U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars. CNBC
....We cant have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Dont keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done. Sam Zell
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. Theyre sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! Weve got to change the rules. The U.S. cant defend the world and pay for it........
The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. Youve got to be very tough, and thats what Trump is doing. Its in Chinas interest to correct, and I think well end up with a solution thats dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what....
.....on the President of the United States.
To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate, that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on, this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....
I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country thanks Comey!. Its a scandal.
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you wont need it!
The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian, but please dont let down your guard. As it heads up the coast, lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand, the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
....knife crime, which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses very inexpensive. President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Based on the IG Report, the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices, healthcare, infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, they get paid for loaning money, and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember, these are also our weak currency competitors!
For all of the geniuses out there, many who have been in other administrations and taken to the cleaners by China, that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember, the EU , all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
....And then, think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime, Chinas Supply Chain will crumble and businesses, jobs and money will be gone!
We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of ripoff USA$600 Byear,16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot....
...Trade Agreement. Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted , approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a...
....knife crime, which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses very inexpensive. President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
....when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some hurt. Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didnt play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter of I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats, or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind, our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country, they have never been so bad!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want, seldom have sources even though they say they do, never do fact checking anymore, and are only looking for the kill. They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake, they are Corrupt..
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the Squad. No, they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure , hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,......
....swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades, and their trust in President Trump, paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And its the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with....
....Trump Economics. With President Trump, Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would!
The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump weve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages....
They are liars, and in my opinion, TRAITORS! talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
....and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 lowest unemployment, most jobs ever, and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues, not worth it!
Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....
Since my election, many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country, and the Stock Market is up over 50. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist, Paul Krugman, youd be doing VERY poorly - youd be angry and hurt. He never got it!
....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and that is exactly what he is delivering.
When you put everything together, the pro growth Tax , Regulation Cuts, help to retrain workers, the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America, along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration strong stance on illegals, promoting Merit Based, it...
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter of I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
....when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some hurt. Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didnt play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a....
....Trade Agreement. Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
.....this Judge Thomas Ambro, Majotity Opinion, and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump, who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges, not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices.
We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels. Third Circuit, Court of Appeals. Lou, thats why this next Election is so important, the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....
Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5. Almost 200 MPH winds.
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit much harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
This is only the beginning!
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice, and when it then became a big hit, helping NBCs failed lineup greatly, came up to me at an Upfront , profusely thanked me, even calling me Sir. How times have changed!
Comey and McCabe and more are Dirty Cops. Joe DiGenova
....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court, you should be held in contempt. So, if you abused the FISA, you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action. Jason Chaffetz, Fox
James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Report doesnt get any stronger, calling him dangerous, insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED, BECAUSE IF HE WASNT ELECTED, THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.....
....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
Peter Morici, Economist Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it, we dont want to be servants to the Chinese! This...
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You dont want an FBI Director with Jim Comeys ethics. Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low, just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats green policies will raise your price of gas!
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!
Being scolded by failed former Intelligence officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, dont have a clue. They really set our Country back,....
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory and getting worse. We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on and cable ratings are those that are Fair or great to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to for being the number one show on Cable Television!
Dan will be GREAT!
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. Its moving around and very hard to predict, except that it is one of the biggest and strongest and really wide that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!
A great team, working hard!
...Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I dont think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on and cable ratings are those that are Fair or great to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be is a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading.
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado!
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy!
An amazing guy, respected by all!
Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni!
One of the greats!
Great job Thom!
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border!
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm, please prepare and be safe!
They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents, 641 of the Criminal Code, because the IG found these were not his personal documents, these were government documents. Comeys claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..
....pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down.
Just arrived at Camp David!
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional Ninth race. Please vote early now, or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities , is weak on Crime, Military , Vets!
This should NEVER happen to another President again!
FALLOUT FROM IGS SCATHING COMEY REPORT
One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official...when you read this report...this is a systematic effort to go after Candidate Trump, President Elect-Trump, and President Trump....you could virtually call this an attempted coup.
Thanks - TRUE!
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One.
If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
....We dont have a Tariff problem we are reigning in bad andor unfair players, we have a Fed problem. They dont have a clue!
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar like crazy, giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good, doesnt it? Except to those manufacturers that make product for sale outside the U.S.
Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA OfficerDem In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences.
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows, in the strongest of terms, how unfairly I, and tens of millions of great people who support me, were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
An idea liked by many?
General Motors, which was once the Giant of Detroit, is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China, BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
Establishment of the U.S. Space Command!
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector Generals Report. He should be ashamed of himself!
The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol, not even including the E-15, year around, which is already done. It will be a giant package, get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!
The Economy is doing GREAT, with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should, we are a Rocket upward!
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence ODonnell, for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize, is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible, corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I and many millions of GREAT supporters have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the LameStream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
Crazy Lawrence ODonnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me , The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time.....
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions, it will be a very big Hurricane, perhaps one of the biggest!
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA, first responders, and all, for working so hard , being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news, Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent, Fake, or Corrupt! When the Age of Trump is looked back on many years from now, I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
The Amazon Washington Post and just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall, and that I didnt think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG, vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!
A sad day for the Democrats, Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. Im glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post lobbyist which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall which is going up rapidly, I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere!
....And by the way, Im the best thing thats ever happened to Puerto Rico!
Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time, more than anyplace else has ever gotten, and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!....
Our Federal Reserve cannot mentally keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France, all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually getting paid to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!
....I dont want to Win for myself, I only want to Win for the people. The New is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isnt working for us anymore!
Just watched heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director, spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor, Terrible considering that Fox couldnt even land a debate, the Dems give them NOTHING! ,
....are all in for the Open Border Socialists or beyond. Fox hires give Hillary the questions Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS , CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - Thats what I do, Win. Too Bad!....
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britains Labour Party, to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson, especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for, , will prove to be a great one! Love U.K.
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads, as usual, to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready, and will do a great job. When they do, let them know it, and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China, from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact, they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens, a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a bedbug. Tough guy!
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs, but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years, along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers!
Can you believe it? Im at 94 approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is Mr. Appalachian Trail who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide, then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldnt stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
Axios whatever that is sat back and said GEEEEE, lets see, what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said, why dont we say he wants to bomb a hurricane, that should do it! The media in our Country is totally out of control!
They do stories so big on Elizabeth Pocahontas Warrens crowd sizes, adding many more people than are actually there, and yet my crowds, which are far bigger, get no coverage at all. Fake News!
It is amazing that I can be at 51 with Zogby when the Fake , Corrupt News is almost 100 against me. Great job Mr. President!
The G7 in France was so successful, and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News, and watched numerous networks, it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks, in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities, and wont protect your Second Amendment!
. Pirro is following up her Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge The Lefts Plot to Remake America. Out today, go get it!
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!
100 Confirmed!
Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year, an all time record of its kind for anywhere.
The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located for the next G-7 Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly , works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
I have gotten to know President well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!
Can you believe it? Im at 94 approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is Mr. Appalachian Trail who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly , works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
Thank you Mark!
I agree 100!
THANK YOU FRANCE
Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister of India at the in Biarritz, France!
Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany, at the in Biarritz, France!
Great respect for the fact that President Xi , his Representatives want calm resolution. So impressed that they are willing to come out , state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader , representing a great country. Talks are continuing!
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
Great meeting this morning with President of Egypt at the Htel du Palais in Biarritz, France!
All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton!
Thank you Katie!
. The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts. I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
Congratulations to Louisianas Champions. See you at the White House!
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!
No, we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice!
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at its finest! Theyve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!
A disgrace!
Great meetings at the in Biarritz, France!
Thank you Eric. So true!
USMCA, make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it!
Jesse , Emma, Great News. Congratulations!!!!!
Happy Birthday Vince!
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
So gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now shes on
Rasmussen at 50. , are only getting worse! Now , others on Fox. Not what it used to be!
Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!
Happy Birthday Sean!
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister at the Htel du Palais in Biarritz, France!
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they cant help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
....bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!
Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to will America into..
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
Thank you both. Sooo nice!
France and President have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!
Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor complete the long anticipated, and partially built, Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making, they now have the team that can get it done!
Just had lunch with French President Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut! This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said I am the chosen one, at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a Messiah complex. They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just....
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting, CNN, MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news , me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
France and President have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
For all of the Fake News Reporters that dont have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers, China, etc., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!
Just had lunch with French President Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
Such a sad and pathetic fall for and Jeff Z!
Other good polls also in fifties, despite only Fake News, and then phony polls by A.P., CNN, NBC and, as always, Fox, who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election!
Disgraceful!
Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing!
Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon.
Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P.
Great going Harris!
Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible!
Thank you to for the really nice words and thoughts on tonight hosted by Lous friend, Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!
Just spoke with President of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!
...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product politically motivated!. Starting on October 1st, the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, currently being taxed at 25, will be taxed at 30...
...Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10, will now be taxed at 15. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
....Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very....
For many years China and many other countries has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual Property Theft, and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China, with no end in sight....
The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China or anywhere else!. Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didnt. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 12 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing..
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to Chinas Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR , REFUSE,....
Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, , they want to continue. I wont let that happen! We dont need China and, frankly, would be far....
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can speak without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work brilliantly with both, and the U.S. will do great...
....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
This despite the Fake News and Polls!
..willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it wont work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
The Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to convince people that we are in, or will soon be going into, a Recession. They are.....
94 Approval Rating within the Republican Party. Thank you!
Happy birthday James!
. has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders , the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military , Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can speak without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work brilliantly with both, and the U.S. will do great...
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy!
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the Squad more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Check out a FANTASTIC new book, STILL WINNING Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again by the great writer, An excellent read. Thank you!
...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w both Republicans , Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials...
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on Dancing with the Stars. He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early for a change, not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!
Thank you
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With todays order, we express the everlasting love , loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets, , God Bless America!
Great! interviewed on tonight at 900 P.M.
....that when this Administrations alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesnt work as well, because execs dont want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are rolling over at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!
Tax cuts, deregulation, and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the drivers seat.
. very unfair to the United States!
....Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35 of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2 mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that....
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends!
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U.S., a far stronger and more important credit, is paying interest and just stopped I hope! Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History, very tough on exports. No Inflation!.....
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, highest Dollar in U.S.History. No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. Hes like a golfer who cant putt, has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but dont count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down....
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the create a U.S. recession, even though the numbers , facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesnt matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!
The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve. So true!
The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve. So true!
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar the great people of Minnesota wont stand for this.
Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.
....like hes the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews dont know him or like him. They dont even know what theyre doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But thats OK, if he keeps doing what hes doing, hes good for.....
Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
.....all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, hes good for everyone in America who wants a job. Wow!
....The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!
Denmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksens comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....
CONGRATULATIONS and on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud!
Sorry, I dont buy Rep. Tlaibs tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News, they are treading in very dangerous territory!
Thank you!
Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence!
Ratings are way down, lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch!
Maria, despite all of their will and energy, it wont work!
Thank you Mike!
Two incredible people. I cant believe theyre not working few work harder!
The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country, The Enemy of the People!
Congratulations, Great Show!
Thank you Jon, working hard!
Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days!
I promise not to do this to Greenland!
Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019
Great discussion with Prime Minister today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the in France!
Spoke to my two good friends, Prime Minister Modi of India, and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan, regarding Trade, Strategic Partnerships and, most importantly, for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation, but good conversations!
THANK YOU!
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldnt get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought!
.....The Fed Rate, over a fairly short period of time, should be reduced by at least 100 basis points, with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened, our Economy would be even better, and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!
Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to will the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election. Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world...
Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big, beautiful, NEW Wall! I will protect America, the Dems dont know where to start!
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, something big was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didnt want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable nut job who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, , then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,...
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party, the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News, my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest weve had so far! Think what theyd be if I got fair media coverage!
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, something big was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didnt want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable nut job who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced, and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,..
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. Im fairly certain theyll endorse me just to keep it all going!
Thank you I couldnt agree more!
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two maybe four people that have said unthinkably bad things about it , the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
Juan Williams at is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldnt have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
We are doing very well with China, and talking!
Doing really well!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!
.....Journalism has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware!
The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative the Mueller Report , his testimony were a total disaster, to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
Such a disgrace at the once great
Thank you!
The Fake News Media HATES to see this!
Thank you to A great and legitimate reporter, as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times!
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an ORGANIZATION OF TERROR. Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
Biggest crowd EVER, according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems , their Partner, LameStream Media, saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People!
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldnt get you in, will be back soon!
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!
Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!
I donate 100 of my Presidents salary, $400,000, back to our Country, and feel very good about it!
Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez AOC is fuming, not happy about this!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaibs grandmother. She doesnt have to see her now!
Israel was very respectful , nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her grandmother. As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded , loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!
A great evening, with incredible people, in New Hampshire!
Thank you Rudy!
Great news! Tonight, we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at in Manchester, New Hampshire!
Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
If they dont get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession or worse! in years. Theres disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight I agree. Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation
Sadly, much truth to this!
Andrew, thank you! We will never forgive or forget.
Biden doesnt have a clue! I will solve the China problem.
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!
The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt!
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel , all Jewish people, , there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
....what they were doing. Theres plenty of indication, we dont have to speculate. Holy cow, got to read this book. WOW! A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
Go out and get Andrew McCarthys new book, Ball of Collusion. Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President Obama. Plenty of information that Obama was informed , knew exactly...
Thank you, and the Wall is under major construction!
Two great entertainers and, more importantly, great people! Check out their show.
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a tough business. I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?
Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and pouring money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date, but much good will come from the short.....
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
Sad!
Unlike others, our economy is strong!
..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards , Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!
We are winning, big time, against China. Companies , jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much , too fast. Now too slow to cut....
The Great Charles Payne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said mid cycle adjustment. 2. Were data dependent. He did not do the right thing. I agree to put it mildly!.
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
So far, youve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you cant tell me that it has hurt our economy..., it really hasnt led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level. And we are taking in $Billions!
The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World. Mark Grant Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester, New Hampshire at 700 P.M. Eastern!
A fighter and champion, GREAT!
Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by on about all of the work that is being , has been done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes , Asylum.
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today, with the amazing energy workers, construction workers, and craft workers who make America run and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU!
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID Identification must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!
Thank you Bill!
True! Without being stuck at an airport, where CNN buys at a big price an uninterested audience, theyve got nothing going. is BAD for America!
It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, , cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
See you in New Hampshire!
Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
So terrible!
Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged , Fake Media!
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I cant imagine why?
ALL THE NEWS THATS NOT FIT TO PRINT! The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country for the worse!. Michael Goodwin, Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
As usual, China said they were going to be buying big from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldnt be allowed to have any weapon. Hes nuts!
Thank you Steve!
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system, the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up, no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News wont report!
I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings
Thank you John, you are a special guy!
Curt Schilling, a great pitcher and patriot, is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian Skyfall explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!
Two great and loyal friends!
Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didnt want him back in the Administration where he desperately wanted to be. Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
Thank you NEGOP!
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military, things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
..TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough , his very angry Psycho wife? would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice, Donny would call me along with , others and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV bug , I would let him come on though he , Erin had very little..
.....other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 12 years of existence. Anthony, who would do anything to come back in, should remember the only reason he is on TV, and its not for being the Mooch!
Anthony Scaramucci, who was quickly terminated 11 days from a position that he was totally incapable of handling, now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on President Trump. Like many other so-called television experts, he knows very little about me.....
Joe Biden just said, We believe in facts, not truth. Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are playing in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesnt have a clue!
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business almost there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, , the theft of hundreds of Billions of $s!
....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Dont have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95 in taxes!
Got to see, by accident, wacko comedian Bill Mahers show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didnt want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H., stay here rather than..
Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un, he stated, very nicely, that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S.South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter, much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was.....
....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles, and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
Maggie Haberman of the Failing reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton , El Paso, when in fact I was the one who stated, very strongly, that I didnt want the Fake News inside , told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence, and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists, and are very bad for our Country!
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level, and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves Elite, but they are not Elite. In fact, it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order....
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA, and others, so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....
....mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is, but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
Rod Blagojevich, the former Governor of Illinois, was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.
....career in the military, retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level, including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!
I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire, current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence, effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished....
....coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.
Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15, which....
....I know Emmanuel means well, as do all others, but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way, shape, or form, to represent us!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us, including President Macron of France....
....in the world, there is nobody even close, but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way, and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?
....John Deere, our car companies, , others, to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts there is no inflation and no quantitative tightening, the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...
As your President, one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Feds high interest rate level, in comparison to other countries, is keeping the dollar high, making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar, Boeing,.....
I dont know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate 1 who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!
Just watched a world class loser, Tim OBrien, who I havent seen or spoken to in many years, , knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV....
....I am so amazed that MSNBC , CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as experts on Trump. Same people since long before the 2016 Election, and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done!
Incredible afternoon in El Paso, Texas. We love you, and are with you, all the way!
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon, one which they never cease to use when they are down, or run out of facts, RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so ridiculously accused!
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton, Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips, but it just didnt work. The love, respect , enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!
I dont know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate 1 who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!
The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere!
We love you Dayton, Ohio!
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith, the lowest rated show on Actually, whenever possible, I turn to
....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o
Just left Dayton, Ohio, where I met with the Victims , families, Law Enforcement, Medical Staff , First Responders. It was a warm , wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm , even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate 0 Sherrod Brown , Mayor Whaley totally.....
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!
Today, we honor all of our Countrys Purple Heart recipients, their loved ones, and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U.S. Armed Forces
....terrible thing to watch, especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway, but it would be much easier if the Fed understood, which they dont, that we are competing against other countries, all of whom want to do well at our expense!
....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much and that I was right!. They must Cut Rates bigger and faster, and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin, and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....
Three more Central Banks cut rates. Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever, money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries, and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....
Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and ANTIFA. I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
..This is an astounding development in journalism. Ive never seen it happen before, Ive just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I dont think so! Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism, was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times, but it was quickly changed to, Assailing Hate But Not Guns, after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - Thats what were up against...
...Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!
South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades, the U.S. has been paid very little by South Korea, but last year, at the request of President Trump, South Korea paid $990,000,000..
Beto phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage ORourke, who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas, where I trounced him, and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1 in the Democrat Primary, should respect the victims , law enforcement - , be quiet!
....Amendment. John Yoo. Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Dont feel badly, New York State is far worse!
California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump, and its clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party, or any party, to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause, and under the 14th.....
Will be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
...in 2020. Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to Make sure that Trump losses...
. of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with Chinas military, that they didnt help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, , that they...
Thank you
Thank you Mr. Wonderful, I like you too!
As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And Ill do it again next year if necessary!
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
....in 2020. Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
....are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to Make sure that Trump losses...
of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with Chinas military, that they didnt help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...
Its political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative. And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest BEST in the history of the United States!
Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.
Thank you
Check out what is up to for the 2020 election!
Thank you and Tom Homan!
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all.
Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay.
The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims, their families, and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER!
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....
....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers wages and harm our farmers prices. Not anymore!
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. Its called currency manipulation. Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!
We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying....
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!
....The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!
Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio....
God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Todays shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn todays hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Todays shooting in El Paso, Texas was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn todays hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
God be with you all Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve via
Pastor Scott, a great guy - and tough!
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ!
Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They dont want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers!
A great couple!
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries, but I loved working with him!
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!
.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Uns leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that......
Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement, nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation, but..
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
THANK YOU OHIO!!
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, and - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
Beautiful evening in Cincinnati, Ohio tonight with GREAT American Patriots!
Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
...We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal, and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!
...buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities, but did not do so. Additionally, my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States this never happened, and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing, and...
...during the talks the U.S. will start, on September 1st, putting a small additional Tariff of 10 on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25...
Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago, but sadly, China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently, China agreed to...
A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS....
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!
China, Iran , other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and drooling over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, , having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I havent. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!
The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity , success like never before..
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border!
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened, and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. Mistake, Powell cut rate and then he started talking.
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night theyre desperate for Trump!
Thank you Bill, say hello to our GREAT VETERANS!
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words drug-infested concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C.
The 99 Get a Bigger Raise
....As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldnt have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world....
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer , Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly, were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect....
....or is he too dumb stupid to understand that. No wonder CNNs ratings MSNBCs also have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Dont hold your breath!
CNNs Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate question that I was a racist, when in fact I am the least racist person in the world. Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased , fair,.....
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too!
The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist! Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
If I hadnt won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great RecessionDepression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, , you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, , the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
....I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly, were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal....
....Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....
....vindication , exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big stuff especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was entirely divorced from the facts, yet another total , complete....
Thank you Eric!
Thank you Amy!
We should immediately pass Voter ID to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup old fashioned but true!. Thank you!
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS , DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Countrys incredible Heritage. Thank you!
Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but thats ok because today is not about them!
....Dont watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not truedoes anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe , Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states....
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great.
Senate is working hard on Americas Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!
....
Wow! Morning Joe , Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
...to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if , when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!
..My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue
China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just dont come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years....
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders , refusing to change the Loopholes , Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didnt!
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 911. Get smart people!
I dont know what its going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, its not just Baltimore, unfortunately. Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
Baltimores numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work crossings are way down and the Wall is being built. Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement!
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration....
Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
....He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
The Republican Party has a new STAR, his name is Daniel Cameron and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky....
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country, On behalf of all Americans, I thank them!
Looking forward to my meeting at 200 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. Thats actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been easy pickens. The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!
The Fed raised way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other.....
....even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe......
The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, its a personal favor to me. Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left Squad and King Elijahs Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain , protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him , Don King, always got along well. He loved Trump! He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man, a troublemaker, always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated ComcastNBC. Hates Whites , Cops!
Good luck with the book George, should do well!
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
The Democrats hate this President so much, theyre forgetting about their duty to secure our Border. Sad but true!
If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.
....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will....
Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest best in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, Thank you, Mr. President!
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical oversight is a joke!
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it crime , conditions in Baltimore for decades, and he hasnt gotten it done. How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosis district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
....a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nations great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...
If it werent for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, theyve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, theyve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade....
The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!.
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
One of the biggest things to come out of Muellers testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO. Misty Marris True, but many other great exonerating things came out.....
....Robert Muellers testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they dont know how to stop. They cant help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!
Thank you
Thank you
Thanks
. your district!
. why dont you focus on your district!?
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report we didnt have to, and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasnt good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through Oversight. He does NOTHING for his very poor, very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look....
Democrats dont care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!
Such a big victory of our Country! Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall. We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries.
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick , disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly , irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude , incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting only non-fighters people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror along with MS-13 , others. Would make it easier for police to do their job!
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
Rep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men , women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient , well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous , filthy place
Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home
The WTO is BROKEN when the worlds RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary, Mark
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macrons foolishness shortly. Ive always said American wine is better than French wine!
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
Q2 GDP Up 2.1 Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U.S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
. is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, , before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary, have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....
Taken for Granted, a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!
Taken for Granted, a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didnt investigate the Steele Dossier. ...And plenty of other things!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!
Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesnt seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem!
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Lfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly!
...What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense, Mark
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!
Mark Levin on now! Great guy.
Mark Levin will be on now! Great guy.
President Trumps Approval Rating on Economy is at 52, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll Shouldnt this be at 100? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
...impeachment, you have a Party of one. Its over. Nancy said, Jerry, please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time , energy into the Mueller Report, it turns out Mueller didnt know what was in his Report.
Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins. It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say.....
Appreciate it thank you!
Thank you
. and on moments ago...
THE WITCH HUNT IS OVER!
Great job
Thank you
Thank you Rep.
Thank you Rep.
Thank you
Thank you McCarthy!
The Medias Mueller Meltdown
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now...
The Democrats had nothing...
Impeachments over!
Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it!
The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didnt see what went on at the hearings! The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller , the Democrats. Nevertheless, the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!
TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this mornings hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robert Mueller has to subject himself to - an Embarrassment to our Country!
Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no. In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION.
This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller. Chris Wallace
....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director and get turned down the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesnt say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!
....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director and get turned down the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesnt say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the.....
So why didnt the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!
Why didnt Robert Mueller , his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin , Leakin James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy McCabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more, including HIMSELF , Andrew W?
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to, and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history, by far!
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime, try pinning it on a very innocent President, and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country, they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didnt Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?
So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. Whats this all about? His lawyer represented the basement server guy who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!
The young leaders here today are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future, rebuilding YOUR Country, restoring YOUR destiny, and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS!
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense, Mark
Oh well, we still have the great who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 900 P.M.
THANK YOU
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by on about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure aint what it used to be. Too bad!
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR, SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.
....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!
When an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an important section to keep out problems, is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall, the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!
In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, , the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! We are going to be a nightmare to the President, she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!
....Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.
Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the BAN,....
Farmers are starting to do great again, after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China replacement money didnt exactly hurt!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
....Best and Newest Military almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over in History, Best V.A. in History Choice, and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, lets impeach the President. The Squad AOC Plus 3 and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!
Newest Poll Only 11 in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well, lets see We have the Best Economy in History, the Best Employment Numbers in History, Most People Working in History, Highest Stock Market in History, Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History,..
I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybodys time and taxpayers money.
I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybodys time and taxpayers money.
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling, with no poison pills....
The Squad is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda like their shot down drone put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
....But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clintons people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested themthis is Illegal?
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!...
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, , no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
....except for those stated by me, , reams of paper were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean , belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel , our Country!
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen. Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,....
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive, to move now. The Fed raised , tightened far too much , too fast. In other words, they missed it Big!. Dont miss it again!
....as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, , GDP , our Countrys wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time , money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts, which the Fake News Media will never do!
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous , bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a manufactured crisis, as the Fake News Media , their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured....
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Congratulations to Bibi on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
I dont believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America and Israel for the horrible hateful things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak , insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Presidential Harassment!
The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. Youll see in 2020!
Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
I will help Angel Mom and great woman Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if youre watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!
Economic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Countrys history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
....Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!
Just had a very good call with Stefan Lfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative....
You can add 10 or 15 to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before!
Thank you Bill. Very nice!
As you can see, I did nothing to lead people on, nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA!
With the incompetent Mayor of London, you will never have safe streets!
Just spoke to about his friend A$AP Rockys incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
Thank you!
....Fed There is almost no inflation!
....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and so much, we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce debt. Dont blow it!
I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100 correct in that the Fed raised far too fast , too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, , winning big,...
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!
....Governor of the State did a good job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country , the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, Trump Will Be Re-elected, Wont He? He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.....
Thomas the Chin Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
....State which I will win in because they cant stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them opening up mining and MUCH more which has led to the best employment , economic year in Minnesotas long and beautiful history!
....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became crazed over the chant send her back by a packed Arena a record crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm , accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...
....State which I will win in because they cant stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them opening up mining and MUCH more which has led to the best employment , economic year in Minnesotas long and beautiful history!
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became crazed over the chant send he back by a packed Arena a record crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm , accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen....
Great new book, Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court. Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!
....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 years than perhaps any Administration in history!
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience....
Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 Congratulations
This should have been taken care of years ago, the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!
Today, on behalf of the American people, I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy...
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today, involving a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone....
....of gang members, in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted , arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands....
....of which was squandered away or wasted, never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas , Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well, and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt, , robbing the U.S. Government blind!
A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege, the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldnt trust under any circumstance, and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief, much....
Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd, and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. will be a big year for the Republican Party!
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indictedand , arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands.....
....of gang members, in particular MS-13. Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker, the American Family , the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, NC!
Together, we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise, so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and LAWFUL system of immigration!
THANK YOU Greenville, North Carolina!
The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the....
....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
See you tonight, North Carolina!
GOD BLESS THE USA
New Poll The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that Trump numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!
After a ten year search, the so-called mastermind of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!
Big Rally tonight in Greenville, North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment , Stock Market Numbers EVER. Ill talk also about people who love, and hate, our Country mostly love! 7PM
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity, yet all they want to do is go fishing. The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt, they want results now!
....they are destroying the Democrat Party. Im appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. Im entitled to say that theyre Wack Jobs. Louisiana Senator John Kennedy
...opinion, theyre Americans. Now Im entitled to my opinion, , I just think theyre left wing cranks. Theyre the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, , we should ignore them. The squad has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT, and.....
In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. Theyre entitled to their.....
....visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on todays vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most...
Yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the
Looking forward to tomorrow nights rally in Greenville, North Carolina at 700 P.M. Eastern!
Kevin McCarthy The Presidents Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution. Thank you Kevin!
.....Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8, Cortez at 21. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!
Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I dont have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show weakness and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat.....
Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!
If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - hes going to defend himself. What the squad doesnt like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress. Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jasons great new book, POWER GRAB!
Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government. A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
.....shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isnt the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, , yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist , public.....
The best economy in our lifetime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four progressives, but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
....They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 911 attack, some people did something. Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more....
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country....
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country! Need I say more?
....they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we dont need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject......
....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like theyre a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, theyre calling the guards along our Border the Border Patrol Agents Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamins,....
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language , racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular , unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them , their horrible , disgusting actions!
....with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing , pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer!
Chinas 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal....
We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Feds antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, RACIST. Their disgusting language.....
Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats!
.....Sorry, cant let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
Fridays tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the childrens detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals......
Thank you, so nice, but we are getting it done anyway!
....it is done. These places need your help badly, you cant leave fast enough. Im sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
....and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why dont they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how....
So interesting to see Progressive Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world if they even have a functioning government at all, now loudly......
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!
94 Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87. Thank you!
....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective , stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. Youll see next year!
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Pauls final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, abysmal. People like.....
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us the insurance policy.
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wifes campaign, while Hillary was under investigation by FBI!
MUELLERS PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!
EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!
BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE
Just returned to the beautiful after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio!
Leaving the Great State of Ohio!
The DOW, S,P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high!
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders , our 2nd A. Loves our Military , our Vets. Has my Complete , Total Endorsement!
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men , women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! Im proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas , Bernadette Bernie Comfort will now be working together to run the Lawrence will be Chairman , Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, , do, great UNITY in PA!
....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation....
Wow, RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on
.....if Mexico produces which I think they will. Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency , subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25 Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.
....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We stupidly lost 30 of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,...
When you are the big piggy bank that other countries have been ripping off for years to a level that is not to be believed, Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and, most importantly, a powerful way to get......
Wins Big, No Contest!
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on at 830 A.M. Enjoy!
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane!
Interesting!
Thank you!
....He had the Majority , blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldnt get him out of Congress fast enough!
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people thats the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didnt know how to Win. They gave me standing Os in the Great State of Wisconsin, , booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, , failed happening anyway!......
Paul Ryan, the failed V.P. candidate , former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious except during my first two years as President, ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser , leader......
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH!
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR!
....Similarly, Facebook Libras virtual currency will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National...
...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity....
To everyone on the Gulf Coast As you make preparations to protect your homes , loved ones from flooding , the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of State , Local Officials. We are working closely w them. Please be prepared, be careful, , be SAFE!
Today, I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency, more accountability, and more FREEDOM!
...years, or maybe 10 or 14 just kidding, they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. Thats why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman...
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas 11024th, as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!
...The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!
It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!
Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was done after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday!
Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly......
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border, because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing!
....And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didnt use many banks because the banks didnt like me. No, I didnt use many banks because I didnt dont need their money old fashioned, isnt it?. If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get.
....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, youve got to give the President an A Plus for that. Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders!
Robert Johnson, B.E.T. I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction thats benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U.S. Economy, and you look at.....
....months, the lowest since 1972. The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies.
Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5 for the last six.....
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
....years, or maybe 10 or 14 just kidding, they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. Thats why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas 100024th, as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!
....The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six......
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes probably! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.
THANK YOU BILL!
Thank you so much
....Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USAs truly great companies!
I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there....
Congratulations to of North Carolina on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Today, on this USMCA Day of Action, thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA more JOBS for American workers, more economic growth, and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers, ranchers, and businesses.
Thank you Robert Johnson!
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order, Advancing American Kidney Health...
Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I dont make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of.....
....serving and doing a great job as your President including accepting Zero salary!.
Iran has long been secretly enriching, in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!
The Dems Witch Hunt continues!
....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, hes a Businessman. Because hes a great businessman, hes pushing for lives to be better. Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech
Our company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House , the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what weve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.....
FBIs Christopher Steele FAKE Story Falls Apart False Intel , Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA. John Solomon, The Hill.
The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case Are you a Citizen of the United States? wont let the Justice Department use the lawyers that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their Enemy. They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They dont care who gets hurt, but also dont understand that two can play that game!
....to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people Deplorables in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
A truly great, patriotic , charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They dont want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed....
....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!
Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th....
After a wonderful dinner at the last night with the Amir of Qatar, it was my great honor to welcome him to the this afternoon!
....healthcare Obamacare to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a Presidents most important decision. SO TRUE!
Recent strained decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, Are you a citizen of the United States on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions 2 allowing the worlds most expensive , pathetic......
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow!
With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but hes going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously. Thank you to Bruce Hrobak
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you!
I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question. Steve Doocy Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
....and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President!
...handled. I told how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I dont know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy , Military anywhere in the World, by far...
The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly to put it mildly by other countries for many years, but that is changing!
Spoke to Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor - all working together!
....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well....
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer, Dr. John Eastman, said the Special Prosecutor Mueller should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM!
Thank you Ari!
A massive crowd that Fake News , some Dems didnt want to Report!
Cute!
....their lowest rated show. Watch the weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. Thats what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
Impossible to believe that has hired the person fired by after they tried to hide the bad facts, , failed for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far....
...a source of information ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, , what they sold it for lost 1.5 Billion Dollars, or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!
.....Comcast NBCMSNBC Trump haters, who do whatever Brian , Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats , even using Fake unsourced as....
Watching weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News or Lyin Brian Williams remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, , got fired. A very dishonest journalist! and the crew of degenerate......
We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasnt approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, , needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!
....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News , the Dems said it was manufactured. Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded which we.....
....brought up, not them because the Dems wont change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....
Congratulations to the U.S. Womens Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyones taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Wont win!
A wonderful man and great Republican!
Great Coach, Great Guy!
Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, well deserved!
Democrats must change the Loophole , Asylum Laws - but they probably wont! They want Open Borders, which means massive crime and drugs!
Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you, Mr. President!
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, , used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!
Strong jobs report, low inflation, and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States, knowing that our Federal Reserve doesnt have a clue! They raised rates too soon, too often, , tightened, while others did just the opposite....
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline, his wonderful daughter, Kameron, and their friends, on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!
Happy Birthday to our great United States
Record 157,005,000 Employed, 19th Record of Trump Era
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Tammy is a great person!
Thanks Ari!
Thank you Marc!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument!
Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 630 to 700 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 600 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest , most disloyal men in Congress is quitting the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldnt get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low , loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 600P.M., but be there early. Then, at 900 P.M., a great to put it mildly fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low , loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 600P.M., but be there early. Then, at 900 P.M., a great to put it mildly fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic Are you a Citizen of the United States? question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!
Todays Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to any amount we want if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
.....Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....
.....came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked , aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question.
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door Andrews, all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
S,P 500 hits new record high. Up 19 for the year. Congratulations!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States wont allow a question of Is this person a Citizen of the United States? to be asked on the Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice....
Thanks
More great information from the for Thursdays Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington, D.C.
....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction , Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
....Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
Thanks to Phantom Fireworks and Fireworks by Grucci for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEOs Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report, , that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony , total transparency, this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion, No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
Big 4th of July in D.C. Salute to America. The Pentagon , our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this , showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers , biggest ever Fireworks!
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, Unfreedom of the Press. It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
...Texas will defend them , indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high, then they sue you, just to complete the job
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business, they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state, like what they are doing to our great NRA, which I think will move quickly to Texas, where they are loved.....
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction , Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I will be interviewed by tonight at 800pm on
....In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting, he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....
I am excited to announce that will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country , its future. We are setting records in so many ways, , we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration , I am so thankful!
Thats right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100 plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
....more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillarys Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomos A.G. is harassing all of my....
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything, always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent , expenses , gave away...
.....why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit. Harry Kazianis, Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasnt a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, , will now be staying. New York , others should start changing their thought process on taxes, fast!
Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997 Our Country is doing great!
Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997 Our Country is doing great!
Stock had the Best First Half since 1997. Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea, an important statement for all, and a great honor!
The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world, with GREAT , UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!
The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74, and that despite all of the Fake , Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have toasted our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ long planned. My meeting with President Moon went very well!
....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large.....
Thank you
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have toasted our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go the the DMZ long planned. My meeting with President Moon went very well!
.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large......
After some very important meetings, including my meeting with President Xi of China, I will be leaving Japan for South Korea with President Moon. While there, if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this, I would meet him at the BorderDMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello?!
54 in Poll! I would be at 75 with our great economy, maybe the best ever if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!
I am in Japan at the G-20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so whats the big deal?
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? Thats the end of that race!
Great to be back in Japan for the
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
.....United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country, we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Seems totally ridiculous that our government, and indeed Country, cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive, detailed and important Census, in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census, no matter how long, until the.....
Thank you!
Thank you real professionals!
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India, for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States, just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!
Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops!
. and should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!
BORING!
These flyers depict Australias policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned!
. What now, for those who denied a crisis at the border?
....They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
For tonights be sure to follow and for RAPID RESPONSE, FACT CHECKING, and the TRUTH! Sorry, Im on Air Force One, off to save the Free World!
....and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
Why arent the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted, Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr and Nellie, the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC , their missing server....
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs.
....No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference, as later corrected. Now the Dems want to give it another try. Does it ever end?
According to Fake News and low ratings Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate. Thats because they have lost the impeachment debate 80 say NO, and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 12 years and $40,000,000, will turn things around....
I have been in office for many years, the Military is very important to me, and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now. Thank you
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
Just departed for the Summit in Osaka, Japan!
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just manufactured. Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
It was my great honor to speak at the Faith , Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington, D.C. Thank you!
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her , the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
....in our Countrys history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER, leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Womens Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We havent yet....
Womens soccer player, just stated that she is not going to the F...ing White House if we win. Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90. Republicans want whats good for America - the exact opposite!
I will be interviewed by today at 815 A.M. on Enjoy!
Too bad the Dems in Congress wont do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.
Wow, did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nailno credibility, and MSNBC is dying fast. and are doing great!
Presidential Harassment!
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her , the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
Womens soccer player, just stated that she is not going to the F...ing White House if we win. Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
....in our Countrys history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER, leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Womens Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We havent yet....
Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military, our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!
Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world!
Today, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia HERO for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah.
....Martha is strong on Crime and Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior, Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C., and is fully supportive of our agenda she is with us all the way....
....Irans very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry , Obama!
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Irans use of IEDs , EFPs bombs, which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more...
Iran leadership doesnt understand the words nice or compassion, they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months June in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
I am pleased to announce the launch of This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and Im pleased to share that it is up and running!
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4s or even 5s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, , easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesnt know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering , easing , did large scale tightening, $50 Billionmonth, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history...
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4s or even 5s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, , easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesnt know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering , easing , did large scale tightening, $50 Billionmonth, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U.S. history..
....a dangerous journey. We dont even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become by far the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
China gets 91 of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62, , many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries many years for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been....
When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH, we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth, treasure, and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great, with unlimited upside into the future!
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably wont happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
I never called the strike against Iran BACK, as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!
At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process Deportation for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!
....Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, , on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
Thank you Jessica!
A great book!
Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President!
When people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country, , now by staying.
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President!
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new, and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting , more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!
....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked , loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not....
....Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.....
....This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant Fake News media. Mollie Hemingway. The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, , those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
S,P closes at Record High!
It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister at the today!
Iran made a very big mistake!
The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than weve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period. Michael Steel do you believe?
S,P opens at Record High!
Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple!
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral Miami, Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by on 9 P.M. Enjoy!
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller , the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair , costly to her. Will it ever end? Why arent they.......
If I didnt have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But Im winning anyway!
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE
....33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillarys people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why arent the Dems looking at the.....
THANK YOU!
Dont ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, , the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, , the only positive VISION for our Countrys future!
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They dont have the character, the virtue, or the spine!
On no issue are Democrats more extreme and more depraved than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole!
Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU!
THANK YOU ORLANDO, FLORIDA!
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 800 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff Enjoy!
Departing for Orlando, Florida with Melania!
....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
The Fake News doesnt report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it unless you play a guitar. Going to be wild - See you later!
European Markets rose on comments unfair to U.S. made today by Mario D!
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Wow! The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clintons Emails. This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
The story in the about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russias power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that cant get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who wont do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!
. Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didnt spend 30 hours with but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News
One size doesnt fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work, Big Jim Justice - I am with you!
Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters , losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister, a great honor!
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Garys future!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump. I agree, and that is the only reason they play the impeach card, which cannot be legally used!
Almost 70 in new Poll say dont impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They cant win the election fairly!
......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreign agent, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, to dig up dirt and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.........
Thank you PM and the State of Israel for this great honor!
Happy Fathers Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon lobbyist Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just cant seem to figure out which is worse? The good.....
.....news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT, both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business , be forever gone!
.....the first 2 12 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!. Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
I enjoyed my interview with on So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect , distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 800 P.M., and is called, President Trump 30 Hours which is somewhat....
.....saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected. Greatest President since Ronald Reagan said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies. All around the Country people are.......
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together!
So nice!
....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders dont have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, , all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, , forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Govt from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...
.....ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country.....
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!. Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
.....the first 2 12 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
I enjoyed my interview with on So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect , distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 800 P.M., and is called, President Trump 30 Hours which is somewhat....
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London!
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and dont even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse!
Thank you Steve , family!
The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 I know the competition very well, there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida! Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
With over a 50 Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks very promising! Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 12 years, WHY NOT?
The latest Polls find 51 of Americans approve of President Trumps Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trumps approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!
....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I dont want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson, CEO of about continuing operations for the in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be making a decision soon....
Thank you Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin Chuck will never stop. Did Senator ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you Senator for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Announcing great, expanded HRAsbig win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage.
The Radical Left Dems are working hard, but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard, thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT America loves you!
I will be interviewed on at 800 A.M. Enjoy!
Natalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!
Thank you Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin Chuck will never stop. Did Senator ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you Jason Chaffetz!
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their dreams....
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!
After 3 12 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas....
It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for todays attacks in the Gulf of Oman....
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
Theyve been wrong all along!
....and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an insurance policy just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest , worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
....which he is a member. When took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,...
When Senator spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didnt even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
I meet and talk to foreign governments every day. I just met with the Queen of England U.K., the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about Everything! Should I immediately....
.....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
I meet and talk to foreign governments every day. I just met with the Queen of England U.K., the Prince of Whales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about Everything! Should I immediately.....
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely Loco, or Unhinged, as they like to say!
....is not Constitutionally Permissable. Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer
Congress cannot Impeach President Trump did nothing wrong because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes , misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment...
.....much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, but the House doesnt want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration and Republicans, attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems. Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure , many other things.
Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia although the Radical Left doesnt use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report, House Committee now plays the seldom used Contempt card on our great A.G. , Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
Its about peace and Prosperity, thats how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and hes delivered on keeping America Stronger , Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, its the Media. John McLaughlin, pollster
Biden would be Chinas Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with Americas manufacturers , workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility! So true!
Its about peace and Properity, thats how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and hes delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, its the Media. John McLaughlin, pollster
Biden would be Americas Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with Americas manufacturers , workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility! So true!
Thank you very much!
is if Spell! Not like Chris.
Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D,S.
Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT!
Thank you!
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and Chairman!
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally!
.....The Fake Corrupt News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up , dont even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls they suppress the numbers. Had it in 2016, but this is worse.....
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the hottest of them all. See you in Florida!
.....The Fake Corrupt News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up , dont even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls they suppress the numbers. Had it in 2016, but this is worse.........
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this tickets looks to be the hottest of them all. See you in Florida!
Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me? It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nations Farmers. May God bless you, and may God Bless America!
Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use
Today, here in Iowa, we honor Americas cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL!
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers , rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job , support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!
Why did the Democrats run if they didnt want to do things?
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
....If Mexico produces which I think they will. Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25 Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S.
...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30 of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...
Maria, Dagan, Steve, Stuart V - When you are the big piggy bank that other countries have been ripping off for years to a level that is not to be believed, Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producers and, most importantly, a powerful way to get......
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They dont have a clue!
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They dont have a clue!
Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, were not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020!
Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency which has been a tremendous success, and I can assure you that were done with the Mueller......
Jerry Nadlers Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust. Headline, New York Post. The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
New book just out, The Real Deal, My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump, is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart , know me well, George Sorial , Damian Bates, as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!!
Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner and
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 247365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Cant believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which theyll never get!
Thank you and John Eastman!
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported hit job on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexicos Legislative body!..
Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders,which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.
The Failing story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent $40,000,000, the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo, or Do Over. They are even bringing in sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry, no Do Overs - Go back to work!
For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, later increased to 18. But despite the bias, when the Report came out, the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to........
If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, , a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. Its called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
.....there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I dont believe that will be necessary. The Failing , ratings challenged will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in particular, were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico , the USA, something that didnt exist for decades. However, if for some unknown reason...
Another false report in the Failing We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time, as have other administrations, but were not able to get them, or get them in full, until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally, and for many years,....
.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didnt have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly, some things.....
I know it is not at all Presidential to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you dont hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So well hit back!
Little whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He, , separately used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice both were bad, but that was it. Hardly knew him,..
....other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!
Just watched the Great Basketball Hall of Famer, on the A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies, almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings, along with CNN, are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi , the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular , very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers , Unions!
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to......
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Just watched the Great Backetball Hall of Famer, on the A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council Thats going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S. Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good, there has nevertheless been much false reporting surprise! by the Fake and Corrupt News Media, such as ComcastNBC, CNN, , These Fakers are Bad News!
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to....
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars of which the Moon is a part, Defense and Science!
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, , there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm , Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5 level on Monday!
...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal , unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions , Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy , Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking in Billions!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great Mike Pence!
Muellers report was pure, political garbage!
John Solomon Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
....and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal , unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions , Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy , Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress,...
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA, FL, IA, NE, NC, and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me, they would have been shut out!
To the men who sit behind me, and to the boys who rest in the field before me your example will never grow old. Your legend will never tire, and your spirit - brave, unyielding, and true - will NEVER DIE!
Today, we remember those who fell, and we honor all who fought, here in Normandy. They won back this ground for civilization. To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live!
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived. We are eternally grateful!
A big and beautiful day today!
The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home, not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trumps trip to Europe. The good news is that is dying in the ratings, along with
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico , the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5 level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day, we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of historys darkest hours.
House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way, , that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldnt you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal. Thank you
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, were doing great!
House Democrats, fresh off a Republican victory against them in Federal Court on the Wall, keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, especially with his corrective letter, , now want a Do Over!
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better, and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. This trip has been an incredible success for the President.
. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, were doing great!
I kept hearing that there would be massive rallies against me in the UK, but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds, which the Corrupt Media hates to show, were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big , enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You cant win without people!
Washed up psycho was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make your great president look really bad. She got caught, just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
Can you imagine Cryin Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs , Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
Thank you
As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Havent seen any protests yet, but Im sure the....
House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great, now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers, Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to they would be forced to make big changes at which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldnt they act. When the World watches it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative , so much Fake News, very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesnt owner do something?
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!
Thank you!
....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
. who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly nasty to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London, not me......
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA, were shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!
Democrats cant impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are pouring in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress, go back to work and help us at the Border, with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, theyve been talking for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
Peggy Noonan, the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all, is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats, or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement, Peggy never understood it!
I never called Meghan Markle nasty. Made up by the Fake News Media, and they got caught cold! Will and others apologize? Doubt it!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, NO NOTHING! What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business. David Rivkin, Constitutional Scholar. Meantime, the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work, much to do!
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly, despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people illegals and things Drugs that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an abuser of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, Cartels, Human Traffickers....
....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants, which they can do very easily, or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border, will be brought back into the United States through taxation Tariffs. America has had enough!
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nations highest civilian honor, The Presidential Medal of Freedom, for his outstanding career, both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry!
THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin.
Thank you so much, Franklin!
When you are the Piggy Bank Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the fools of the past!
....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25 Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies , jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs , Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels , Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U.S. is charging 25 against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to.....
The United States stands ready to work with to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
Emmet Flood, who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report, will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend, and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.
Spoke to Virginia Governor last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando, Florida, at the 20,000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets
GREAT NEWS!
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals....
. is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 900 PM E, exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see Enjoy!
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!
90 of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico , our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years , nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. Its time!
In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30 of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems wont do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!
Congratulations to the Class of 2019!
Sean Davis, The Federalist Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.
I will be watching on at 1000 P.M. He speaks the truth!
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5 Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!
Yesterday, Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever 1,036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border!
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country or me down!
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office along with other potential candidates seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.
Congressman John Ratcliffe, The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.
Russia, Russia, Russia! Thats all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didnt exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didnt exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldnt fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didnt find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia, Russia, Russia! Thats all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didnt exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didnt exist, this horrendous false acquisition, and he shouldnt fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didnt find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
Great show tonight you really get it 900 P.M. thats why youre Number One by far! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
...If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!
Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didnt, and probably wont.....
THANK YOU JAPAN!
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a low IQ idiot, and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer low IQ individual. Who could possibly be upset with that?
Just spoke to Governor of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
. just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
GOD BLESS THE USA
Spoke with of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.
Cant wait to see you all soon!
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, , helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
....Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
Hoping things will work out with Israels coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
Liz Cheney Statements by agents investigating Trump could well be treason
The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Impeach for what, having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Countrys history, rebuilding our Military, taking care of our Vets Choice, Judges, Best Jobs Numbers Ever, and much more? Dems are Obstructionists!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
. now admits that he MADE UP a completely ludicrous quote, attributing it to me. This is whats going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really, the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!
Great evening last night, thank you!
Congratulations to the Great and my friend Roger Penske on winning his 18th UNBELIEVABLE! Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both, , TEAM, at the WH!
The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D.C. next year, , hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, , where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men , women of the Pentagon for working it out!
Why doesnt the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion? How about the Dems also?
Thank you
Tonight in Tokyo, Japan at the Rygoku Kokugikan Stadium, it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. Presidents Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all, thank you
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!
Great morning of golf with Prime Minister at Mobara Country Club in Chiba, Japan!
North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, , also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual, , worse. Perhaps thats sending me a signal?
Going to play golf right now with Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of and I said what about they said we love Gary too!
In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, MAGA COUNTRY DID IT! That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with MAGA COUNTRY. Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!
Thank you John, so nice!
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, , also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Bidan a low IQ individual, , worse. Perhaps thats sending me a signal?
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!
Cant believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take command of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
The real trade war began 30 years ago, and we lost. This is a bright new Age, the Age of Enlightenment. We dont lose anymore!
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS, departing shortly for Japan!
.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
....with many more to come and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.
Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges....
Departed the and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister
Just spoke to Prime Minister where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, Sacred Duty A Soliders Tour at Arlington National Cemetery just hit the best sellers list. I was at yesterday , the people there were so grateful for Toms inspiring portrait of The Old Guard. Great job
I dont know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud , clear , for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction how do you Obstruct a NO crime? Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong No Collusion, they will end up getting him re-elected Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister
Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President. This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!
71 of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years!
PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE
Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. Whats going on? Ed Rollins
....Todays action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.
....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information....
Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney Generals investigation into surveillance activities....
Poll A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION, which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems cant get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!
The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!
We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today!
Congratulations to Prime Minister and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
. and are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient, and we are here to assist.
When the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding, they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their partner, the Fake News Media. Well, so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake , Corrupt Press!
Rex Tillerson, a man who is dumb as a rock and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story he got fired that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I dont think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!
....drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, , it should never happen again!
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report, which didnt turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure, lower.....
Democrats dont want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They dont want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!
In a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see. This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
I want to welcome you all to the as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nations highest public safety award The Medal of Valor...
....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart, but I will continue to set records for the American People and Nancy, thank you so much for your prayers, I know you truly mean it!
....In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Countrys history....
....But they really want a do-over! You cant investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesnt work that way. You cant go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....
So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work....
As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself, and it was the other side that caused the problem, not us!
..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadlers pseudo-impeachment drama. Wall Street Journal Editorial BoardToday - May 21, 2019
He Jerry Nadler wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASNT OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE, , THERE WAS NO COLLUSION..
The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know, for a change. Michael Goodwin
Everybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction of a crime caused by others, that was the end. But no, the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!
Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed....
Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically great economy, would be at 65. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong, the Witch Hunt!
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats dont like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them, especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump, even though he did nothin wrong, while they fish!
Congratulations to Governor on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!
Great news for Republicans Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70 of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
John Brennan on the Mueller probe, I dont know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS. Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!
After spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, , interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House, the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats, so they want a DO OVER. It doesnt work that way-so bad for our Country!
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
Wow, Mark Levins new book opened at It is great keep it there for a long time!
Johnny, we will miss you you did a great job!
So even though I didnt have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn for over 30 hours, to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats, and they arrived....
....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over.
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary!
Pennsylvania - Dont forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
...Mexicos attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. , that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated wthis illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed , broken...
To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America!
Just returned to the beautiful after a great evening in Pennsylvania!
Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow Tuesday.
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me!
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you, I love you!
Landing shortly in Montoursville, Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight!
See you tonight at 700 P.M. Eastern, Montoursville, Pennsylvania!
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....
On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans , Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, Im only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1 trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff, would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they havent seen in decades. Stuart Varney
Two Tweets missing from last batch, probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didnt like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
The Failing New York Times it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years, and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didnt use many banks because they didnt want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didnt need money. Very old
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! Thats why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....
....fashioned, but true. When you dont need or want money, you dont need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources because their sources dont even exist......
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesnt need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and dont need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
The Mainstream Media hates to cover this!
Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to Perdue!
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion!
....who got them there. Chris Wallace said, I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography. Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
Hard to believe that is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete, as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing wrong side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates, and they just want in. They forgot the people.....
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 900 P.M. on Enjoy!
If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
False reporting yesterday. There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities, including Florida. Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL, will not, and can not, take you in!
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Countrys history - and we have just started!
With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, , have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
....he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and, ultimately, NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway, how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and, in fact, the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!
Never a fan of a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report, composed by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump,....
....Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years , soon will drop much further, Right to Try, protecting your 2nd Amendment, big Tax , Reg Cuts, 3.2 GDP, Strong Foreign Policy, , much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!
....was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our Courts will have 145 great new Judges, and 2 Supreme Court Justices, got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate , will protect Pre-Existing....
For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias , dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history, our Military, which....
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 800 P.M. on Enjoy!
....for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!
....Federal Judges many more to come, two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new , positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion and worse, is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....
As most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.....
Courts , Dems in Congress, neither of which have a clue, are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL, OUR DETENTION CENTERS, HOSPITALS , SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!
Thank you Dan!
Word is out that book is GREAT!
Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN!
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today, and every day, we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nations uniforms!
Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice!
Today, it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS!
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced made up, and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesnt know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!
New Fox Poll 58 of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad hombres, of which there are many, are being detained , will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch , Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
. is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he wont last long!
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair, modern , LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted, our plan will transform Americas immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world.
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U.S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes , crime, hes your man. NYC HATES HIM!
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. Im sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....
We stand firmly, strongly, and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough, but Americans across this Country love you, support you, and respect you more than you could possibly know!
The courage , sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall, our hearts beat with pride, and our Country remains one people, one family, and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today, we thank you, we honor you, , we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue!
Thank you Joe and remember, the BRAIN is much sharper also!
The golden era of American energy is now underway!
With incredible grit, skill, and pride, the 7,000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE!
It is great to be here in Hackberry, Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world!
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
When Prime Minister of Japan visited with me in the two weeks ago, I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka, Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!
Our great Senator and Star from the State of Arkansas, has just completed a wonderful book, Sacred Duty, about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates, as always, in order to make up for the business they are, and will be, losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a match, it would be game over, we win! In any event, China wants a deal!
Our great Senator and Star from the State of Arkansas, has just completed a wonderful book, Sacred Duty, about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product, the best, but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy......
....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China, and others, to do business with us. The Farmers have been forgotten for many years. Their time is now!
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but, as I have told him many times before, this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesnt make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....
....of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen, and much faster than people think!
Billions of Dollars, and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they dont want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!
We can make a deal with China tomorrow, before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business, but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in.....
....so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the piggy bank that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them, by almost 500 Billion Dollars, so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China.....
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25 Tariff on dumped steel from China , other countries, and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries, both of which are coming back strong!
I met Marine Sgt. John Peck, a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant, at Walter Reed in 2017. Today, it was my honor to welcome John HERO to the Oval, with his wonderful wife Jessica. He also wrote a book that I highly recommend, Rebuilding Sergeant Peck.
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U.S. EVER from a South Korean company, , thousands more jobs for Americans. Great partners like ROK know the U.S. economy is running stronger than ever!
Today, I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
We must protect our Great Lakes, keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. Thats why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.
Under my Administration, we are restoring to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!
My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the worlds largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment.
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead Our Presidents did not do the job. Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA the best idea. Thats Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. Thats why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?
Bernie Sanders, The Economy is doing well, and Im sure I dont have to give Trump any credit - Im sure hell take all the credit that he wants. Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent and yours, Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way, the Boston players were GREAT guys!
The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2 GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just dont get it!
Also, congratulations to on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump thank you President Trump!
Thank you great show this morning and congratulations on your number one by far rating. Well deserved!
I say openly to President Xi , all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you dont make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal, almost completed, , you backed out!
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead Our Presidents did not do the job. Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA the best idea. Thats Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. Thats why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....
information! As long as President Trump is President, his opposition will use every tool, and misuse every tool available, to make his life miserable. Sadly, this proves I am doing a great job - Also, Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
Its the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General, who is very sophisticated , knows it isnt about him, its about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of......
....overthrow the President through an illegal coup. Recommended by previous DOJ
Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, , now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent me. The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....
Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying, perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
The Constitutional Crisis is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia of course, it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone nuts, and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion , No Obstruction, the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies, and with NO REASON. Thats all they want to do - dont care about anything else!
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax, the biggest in American history!
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a Constitutional Crisis. They and their partner, the Fake News Media, are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history, best...
....employment numbers ever, low taxes , regulations, a rebuilt military , V.A., many great new judges, , so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis , hopefully guilty people will pay!
....We will then spend match or better the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers Agriculture, which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT!
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember, they broke the deal with us , tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA ideal, or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
Really sad!
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick , unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
....President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it.
The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job, the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day theyre fearful of what they did, and should be fearful. This is a tough.....
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
....The only problem is that they know I am going to win best economy , employment numbers in U.S. history, , much more, and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky , have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
So now the Radical Left Dems dont talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion, they only want to talk about Obstruction, even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit which I still am, and the voters didnt care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. Its very simple!
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day, we honor our Nations military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do!
Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one, and conversations....
....into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, particularly around intellectual property. Carly Fiorina
Looks to me like its going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to really rock! Good numbers all around.
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS, the greatest anywhere in the World!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
The average 401k balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466. Wow!
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with murder!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier , quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25 on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods , products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor , starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25 on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods , products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S....
V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier , quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor , starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25 on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods , products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier , quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier , quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor , starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25 on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods , products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25 on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods , products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S.......
Republicans must stick together!
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI , will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans , Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men , women who work there!
House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States, Farmers , Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!
Today, it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston to the
Great news today My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America!
After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D.C. with and Senator discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach, Florida. Thank you!
Big crowds in Panama City Beach, Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes!
Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 800 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on
Big announcement today Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those priceslower them!
The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China. Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where weve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way they dont want money to go there were getting it done!
Thank you ,
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
Republicans shouldnt vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren. It is unfair and doesnt treat Native Americans equally!
....in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!
GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio...
This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this the Fake Dossier out before the Election. Why?
Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, , people want to trace it back to see how this all happened? TREASONOUS HOAX!
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
Shouldnt 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?
The real Obstruction of Justice is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General. Congressman Jim Jordan R-Ohio.
....Guess what, thats not going to happen! China has just informed us that they Vice-Premier are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. Well see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!
The reason for the China pullback , attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to negotiate with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States $500 Billion a year for years to come....
Real estate developers in the 1980s , 1990s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered tax shelter, ......
....you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
CASE CLOSED!
McConnell Backs Trump Mueller Report Is Case Closed Breitbart via
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work and
He wants to impeach because they cant win election. Sad!
Forgotten Man Story Under Trump, Red Counties Economically Thrive via
Congratulations - you are truly one of a kind!
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!
Today, it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophyfor the second year in a row, to the Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories, and keep on making us proud!
Congratulations
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!
....Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems dont want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!
Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example, Florida got $12 Billion , Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to......
Scott Walker is 100 correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty, actually, like never before. Dont allow them to get away with what they are doing!
The United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, were not going to be doing that anymore!
Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020. In other words, Dems cant win the election fairly. You cant impeach a president for creating the best economy in our countrys history.....
Also, there are No High Crimes , Misdemeanors, No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and thats what the Dems should be looking at, but they wont. Nevertheless, the tables are turning!
.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my our Presidency Collusion Delusion that we will never be able to get back.....
....To the Gazan people these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100 in its defense of its citizens....
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nations new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law!
This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying. Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal
The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, Im not going to charge this person there wasnt even close to being a crime, but Im going to criticize him on the way out the door. Thats unfortunate because its stepping outside of the role. Robert Ray
....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side incredibly not covered in the Report, and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!
After spending more than $35,000,000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats , 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller.......
....of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!
For 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25 on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10 on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10 will go up to 25 on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars....
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough , tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stollen two years of my our Presidency Collusion Delusion that we will never be able to get back.....
Mike has been a fantastic Senator!
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
How can it be possible that James Woods and many others, a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media , Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 247365. We love our great firefighters, thank you!
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a goodgreat relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on Russia Collusion. The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, , will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him , does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is allowed to be on Twitter , Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
So great to watch this!
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!
They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup. George Papadopoulos to
As the great people of IA, IL, , MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter, and Paul Watson banned from Facebook!
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and were looking into. Its getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America and we have whats known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesnt get it!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
....We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the Russian Hoax. Very productive talk!
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing....
We can all agree that AMERICA is now We are the ENVY of the WORLD and the best is yet to come!
The U.S. Created 263,000 Jobs in April, Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!Jobs surge in April, unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969
Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too hot to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page finally, Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign. This is bigger than WATERGATE, but the reverse!
...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly , time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration Border, Infrastructure, much lower drug prices , much more - and do it now!
OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, its time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia of course and, in fact, they were rebuffed.....
Thank you, working hard!
Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust
Congrats to for investing $1 BILLION in Americas most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperoussecure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING!
On this day of prayer, we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty, , we pray that THIS nation OUR home these United States will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace , the eternal GLORY OF GOD!
As we unite on this day of prayer, we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith and ensure that ALL of our people can live, pray and worship IN PEACE.
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. Ive asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER!
The Collusion Delusion is OVER!
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion by Trump, but the bad actions were done by the other side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
Why didnt President Obama do something about Russia in September before November Election when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems wont act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border!
No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the Presidents record is unparalleled.
Gallup Poll 56 of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 fairly new, and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one which also are being built!
The Democrats cant come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is whats been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI.... Senator Josh Hawley
Ive done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 Cup Series Champion, and to the
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete....
....embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 Cup Series Champion,
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2 GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records ,, at the same time, make our National Debt start to look small!
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
....European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!
We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100 of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....
If the Democrats dont give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous countrys in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U.S.
Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s maybe even better than that and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is, every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been!
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon, but they havent apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of journalism, and certainly a low point in history!
Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished, with a finding of NO COLLUSION , NO OBSTRUCTION based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G., the Dems are going around saying, Bob who, sorry, dont know the man.
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats, even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!
Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesnt know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry that was dead , great future!........
The Media Fake News is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, Im only here because of Biden , Obama. They didnt do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!
Ill never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership, those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues, medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy, tax , reg cuts, military etc. WIN!
....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of sorts. They didnt even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with unfair State!
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G., who are illegally using the States legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization, , others. It must get its act together quickly, stop the internal fighting, , get back to GREATNESS - FAST!
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Will be interviewed by on at 1000 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough, watch!
....for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
....Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court, and I said NO, he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good pal of low ratings Shepard Smith.
Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of Judge Andrew Napolitano....
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Beautiful tonight in Green Bay, Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me, I love you!
Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a Rally. Big crowds - join me at 800 P.M. Eastern, live on
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement werent!
Great day with Prime Minister of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await!
Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly!
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug at over 4,000 locations across the Country!
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug at over 4,000 locations across the Country!
THANK YOU
U.S. Economy Grows 3.2 in Q1, Smashing Expectations
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2 GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
Just out Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2 at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The is getting stronger , stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to
Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didnt have the guts or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesnt mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history , NO C OR O!
President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid. Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
I will be interviewed on at 900 PM. In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
Thank you!
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work!
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 900 PM on Enjoy!
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick , demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Starting Gate!
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was composed by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!
....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation there was no crime, headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media, I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller, even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I didnt need McGahn to do it, I could have done it myself. Nevertheless,....
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nations children, regardless of background, deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done, so important!
. of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled, Our Lost Declaration. Highly recommended!
As ONE UNITED NATION, we will work, we will pray, and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA!
Today, Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit in Atlanta, Georgia!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice , Accountability passed. President Trump deserves a lot of credit. Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America
I didnt call Bob Costa of the Washington Post, he called me Returned his call! Just more Fake News.
....Congress has no time to legislate, they only want to continue the Witch Hunt, which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems, plus I allowed everyone to testify, including W.H. counsel. I didnt have to do this, but now they want more.....
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
.....are there no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary, the Dems, the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON, so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
The Mueller Report, despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters, and with unlimited money behind it $35,000,000, didnt lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach, I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only......
Mexicos Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending , returning!
A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border , call up the Military. The Coyotes , Cartels have weapons!
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday, the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question, a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign. WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!
Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice , Accountability passed. President Trump deserves a lot of credit. Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America
Thanks Rush!
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and theyre actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Great meeting this afternoon at the with from Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform, and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue!
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin this Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center 700pm CDT. Big crowd expected!
Great golf champion , friend, Ernie Els has done a tremendous job in assisting those w Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, , Adult Services.
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasnt playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!
The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump. So true, but they dont treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory, hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....
Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31. Theyve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that theyve been hit with which will rise to 66 in June of 2021. So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!
....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
Sorry to say but is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho Joe, who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on free all the time, has nosedived, too Angry...
In the old days if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, Its the economy stupid. Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!
The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger , better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees , beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
This should NEVER happen to another President AGAIN!
Just spoke to Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 700 P.M. Eastern on
Today, Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 Easter Egg Roll!
Isnt it amazing that the people who were closest to me, by far, and knew the Campaign better than anyone, were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say NO COLLUSION and only very good things!
A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report NO CONSPIRACY, COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You cant be more clear than that!
The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.
SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS!
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, mostly concerning Immigration, Taxes, Trade, and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
My friend Herman Cain, a truly wonderful man, has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
Congratulations!
Thank you
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me No Collusion, No Obstruction, so you cant impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
So true - thanks
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States No Collusion when it was the other side that illegally created the diversionary , criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest BEST level in over 50 years!
Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total hit job which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!
Thank you and
Good night of television! 800 PM 900 PM with interview of followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!
Check out Life, Liberty , Levin on now 7pm!
If spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump, he could have won the race maybe!
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia and No Obstruction. Pretty Amazing!
United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place , was written as nastily as possible by 13 18 Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters, including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself, the end result is No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America, Israel, and around the world!
TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED
Time for Democrats to accept reality
The Washington Post and New York Times are, in my opinion, two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly, the Enemy of the People!
....big, fat, waste of time, energy and money - $30,000,000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes, perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!
...agreed to testify, it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the Report about me, some of which are total bullshit , only given to make the other person look good or me to look bad. This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened, a...
Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report, in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, which are fabricated , totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called notes, when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never....
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure and I dont know her who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News!
The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper , Brennan, all lies
If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime, and found they couldnt, it would mean there wasnt any evidence you did it - and thats what happened here - thats what we just learned from the Mueller Report.
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud, it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction. I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didnt!
Today, I was thrilled to host the Soldier Ride once again at the We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....
As I have been saying all along, NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION!
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
Attorney General William Barrs Press Conference today at 930 AM ET. Watch on
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNCThe Democrats.
It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on , Will be very interesting!
Nolte Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying via
Just had a wonderful conversation with Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did....
....in my conversation yesterday with President of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossiers discredited author, Trump hater Christopher Steele. The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops, Crooked Hillary and the DNC.
On Trumps ICC Win, Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye RealClearPolitics
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country and MANY other great things! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and thats a good thing, not a bad thing!
Many Trump Fans , Signs were outside of the Studio last night in the now thriving Thank you President Trump Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. Whats with
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin on Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center 700pm CDT. Big crowd expected!
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on Not surprisingly, and the audience was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
A must read, Andy McCarthys column today, Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe. The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
God bless the people of France!
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasnt seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
Spoke to to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterdays , to inform him that because of his incredible Success , Comeback in Sports Golf and, more importantly, LIFE, I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!
Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!
....Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops, Dems and Crooked Hillary!
The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters and Clinton Supporters, should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime.....
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held Congress must fix the laws and loopholes will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
Mark Morgan, President Obamas Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me President Trump, stay the course. I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
I finally agree with
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN We will never forget!
Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!
Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Mueller, and the A.G. based on Mueller findings and great intelligence, have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
What do I know about branding, maybe nothing but I did become President!, but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, , REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable!
. This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best. Thank you Steve!
Such a puff piece on Nancy Pelosi by yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated , committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasnt even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy!
Congratulations to a truly Great Champion!
Watching final hole of is looking GREAT!
Great Masters going on right now. is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!
If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well over 4 instead of 3...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!
Just out The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management , high taxes!
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently detained immigrants after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they dont want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities , towns?
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border, and am not frustrated. It is all Fake , Corrupt News!
....When I won the Election in 2016, the had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election and me so badly. They didnt have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!
The New York Times Sanctuary CitiesImmigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often dont even exist, a fraud. They will lie , cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........
Great playing by at the Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 two years in the making No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
....extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......
In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
Another Fake Story on that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon!
Finally, great news at the Border!
Finally great news at the Border!
Thank you Jeh, so well stated!
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden dont want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities no more open arms, why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
WSJs Strassel Barr Right to Say Spying Occurred on Trump Campaign Breitbart via
WE WILL NEVER FORGET!
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy so this should make them very happy!
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as reported, giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD outrageous court decisions!
Democrats dont like the results of the Mueller Report, so now theyre trying everything else. They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!
President Obamas top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didnt even put it on page one, rather page 16. not much better, tiny page one. Corrupt News!
I dont need to know any more. Were done, absolutely done, he Mueller tried the case. Theres NO COLLUSION. No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!
Great heroes!
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barrs testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.
House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but cant even pass their own plan. We cant afford it anyway, and its not happening!
Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES!
Biggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed!
SPY GAMES TIME FOR ANSWERS
Great news!
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States, which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
CONGRATULATIONS to and on the great news. So proud!
THANK YOU Texas, I love you!
Join me in Crosby, Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure!
So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony , Treasonous Hoax!
Spoke to Bibi to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way!
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi VICTORY celebration last night!
Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100 correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, , that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe Fake News that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this? Molly H
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD!
Check this out - TRUTH!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the
She Congresswoman Omar keeps on assaulting Jews... Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO
Whats completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller. Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO.
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course slightly, became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didnt get either , the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless,....
The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL!
Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Womens Basketball National Champions!
The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but thats the way life goes!
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.
The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened. Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border andor institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
More apprehensions capturesat the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders Crimes , Drugs. Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service....
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!
Looks like Bob Muellers team of 13 Trump Haters , Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt , dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!
....In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans we need their votes to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
....its powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous , massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry....
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Borders specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic , commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....
Give Up, Trump-Haters
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. Its about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
To every member of the thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country, to our safety, and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months, I know that the will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY!
.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia so ridiculous! - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?
So, lets get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada. See everyone soon!
.....years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As has just stated, Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.
I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems later brought to 18 given two.....
Thank you to two great people!
Collusion was a Hoax from day one.
The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over. I agree!
So, lets get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
THANK YOU and
Congratulations David, a very big deal!
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security!
Just arrived in Calexico, California!
Will soon be landing in Calexico, California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction , keeping our Country SAFE not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!
The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They cant stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
America Created 196,000 Jobs in March, Beating Expectations for 170,000
Ive employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!
....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25 all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesnt work, which it will, I will close the Border.......
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now Theyre Inventing A Coverup. James Freeman
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
. How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit its an emergency?
Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent
Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trumps way
Thank you
WELCOME BACK JOE!
The New York Times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the Mueller Report. In fact, they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed, the Economy is looking very strong, the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely, there is little or no Inflation, and USA optimism is very high!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!
The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside, and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST.
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action, Border, or large sections of Border, will close. This is a National Emergency!
...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported as usual in the but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me , the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better , less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Secretary General to the
Today, we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.
I havent seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun, our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis. Art Del Cueto, National Border Patrol Council.
After many years decades, Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats, until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30,000,000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems dont even acknowledge his name, have become totally unhinged, and would like to go through the whole process again. It wont happen!
World Autism Awareness Day 2019 Significance, history and theme via
In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report, which the Dems hate, he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM!
....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people, but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments, and so little appreciation!
Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane, more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before, , all their local politicians do is complain , ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, , only take from USA....
....the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico, and now the Dems want to give them more, taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!
....are GREAT, but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas , Florida combined, yet their government cant do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA , the Military worked emergency miracles, but politicians like.....
The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any place in history. The people of Puerto Rico.....
....back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also, Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime, the USA is doing better than ever , is respected again!
....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums cost , deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive , much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate , win......
Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesnt work. Premiums , deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdues disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report, it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen!
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions ridiculous that it costs to put together!
Democrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released, most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero, Bob Mueller, no longer exists!
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!
Outrageous, its the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didnt prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it? James Freeman,
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. Thats the definition of a foreign-policy achievement. Bret Stephens, We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out , we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour, and then a vote, the problem would be solved. But the Dems dont care about the crime, they dont want any victory for Trump and the Republicans, even if good for USA!
In honor of his past service to our Country, Navy Seal will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly!
A huge thanks to for serving America at the Great work! Im proud to have you join the Fulbright board!
So funny that The New York Times , The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage 100 NEGATIVE and FAKE! of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
...The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass , Complain , Resist the theme of their movement. So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, weve got a Country to run!
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia so ridiculous to even say!. After more than two years since the insurance policy statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth.....
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0 GDP, , Stock Market, would have both been much higher , World Markets would be in a better place!
....the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and talk. Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc., that the Border closing would be a good thing!
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesnt immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING.....
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, , they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, , Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA!
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of Americas Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
Working hard, thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids, Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight!
Beautiful tonight in Grand Rapids, Michigan - thank you, I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
On my way to Grand Rapids, Michigan right now. See you all very soon!
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration , drugs!
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile, price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
Wow, ratings for Morning Joe, which were really bad in the first place, just tanked with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50. Just shows, Fake News never wins!
Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!
FBI , DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems dont care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major breakdown, have ZERO credibility or respect, , must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!
Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, , others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North , South Carolina , all over!
We are here today to award Americas highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...
Just met with President of who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military, not the Chinese Military....
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
. Trump-Russia collusion was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President, me! T.V. ratings of CNN , MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. up BIG!
I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe Sean Davis
Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Todays vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders, Drugs and Crime!
A Catastrophic Media Failure
The Republican Party will become The Party of Healthcare!
What were seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President. Should never have been started, a disgrace!
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
What were seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President. Should never have been started, a disgrace!
A team of great champions!
WSJ Obama Admin Must Account for Abuse of Surveillance Powers via
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister of Israel back to the where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israels sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more
Breaking News Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.
The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.
No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.
No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
Today in Florida, and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia!
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
It is my pleasure to announce that a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....
Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line True. ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President. Thank you Pete Hegseth
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE!
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments, I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israels Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
John Solomon As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.
The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey a dirty cop leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose. Totally illegal!
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the A really great day!
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office.
Really beautiful to see!
Great news from They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country...
George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wifes success , angry that I, with her help, didnt give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER , husband from hell!
The Democrats are getting very strange. They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, youve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
Not a good situation!
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States , the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - , we cant let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier , different than campaigning for the Electoral College. Its like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....
Thank you could not have said it any better myself!
Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?
I will be looking into this!
Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before!
You cant dispel this mood of positive energy. The Economy is Great!
A total loser!
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter, Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts via
While the press doesnt like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400,000.00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didnt do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA!
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe!
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa!
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
Wow! A SuffolkUSA Today Poll, just out, states, 50 of Americans AGREE that Robert Muellers investigation is a Witch Hunt. Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!
93 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
General Motors and the UAW are going to start talks in SeptemberOctober. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown Ohio, in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the ballot box and then, after that failed, with the Insurance Policy, is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union I dont care, I just want it open!
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security and the Wall are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Were weekend anchors, and trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, thats where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8 Unemployment!
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for Your competitors are jealous - they all want what youve got - NUMBER ONE. Dont hand it to them on a silver platter. They cant beat you, you can only beat yourselves!
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, dont give it to them. Be strong , prosper, be weak , die! Stay true....
Bring back Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
Happy St. Patricks Day!
So it was indeed just proven in court papers last in his class Annapolis John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He , the Dems, working together, failed as usual. Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed just proven in court papers last in his class Annapolis John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He , the Dems, working together, failed as usual. Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Report Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat , Crooked Hillary paid for Fake , Unverified Dossier with information he got from send in watchers of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
....Should Federal Election Commission andor FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52, 93 with Republicans. Sorry!
Its truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funnyno talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person me, over , over, without so much of a mention of the other side. Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain. Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse stains than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
This is a National Emergency...
Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!
Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46
On the recent non-binding vote 420-0 in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesnt matter. Play along with the game!
Just spoke w The people of Nebraska , across the Midwest, especially the Farmers , Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders , emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w record flooding, high winds, , road closures.
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
Id like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal , conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
So, if there was knowingly , acknowledged to be zero crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and now disgraced Andrew McCabe he , all stated no crime, then the Special Counsel.......
New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ , CIA were working together to Spy on and take out President Trump, all the way back in 2015. A transcript of Peter Strzoks testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this.
The Jexodus movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem U.S. Embassy and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal!
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
Breitbart News Network via
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
VETO!
Congratulations BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal.
A vote for todays resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!
....If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but todays issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Dont vote with Pelosi!
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
Happy National Ag Day!
The three very weak and untalented late night hosts are fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasnt political. I dont know what theyre going to do in 2024 when hes no longer President? Will be wacky in the unemployment line. Michael Loftus
The Democrats are Border Deniers. They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security , the Wall which is already under major construction. I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!
Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. Thats why you saw those 81 subpoenas. Its ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 12 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin peoples lives like this. Lara Trump,
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President!
The Lisa Page FBI transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed. Catherine Herridge, In other words they appointed someone when there was and is no crime. Bad!
Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer Lisa Page admits being told to go easy on Clinton. Very unfair!
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrows vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border SecurityNo Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20 issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
Comey testified under oath that it was a unanimous decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED.
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that its actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jay Leno points out that comedy on the very boring late night shows is totally one-sided. Its tough when theres only one topic. Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for high crimes and misdemeanors?
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosis statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman , Cuomo. So many leaving New York!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman , Coumo. So many leaving New York!
All part of the Witch Hunt!
New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
....needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I dont know about you, but I dont want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, its Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, theres weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life. Wow!
Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts , worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They dont care about Israel or the Jewish people. Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall stopping Crime, Drugs etc., not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80 positive issue. The Dems are 100 United, as usual, on a 20 issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough Rs!
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
At a recent round table meeting of business executives, , long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim Apple as TimApple as an easy way to save time , words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, , it became yet another bad Trump story!
Theres not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong. One America News. So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!
More people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Countrys history. That is a Big Deal!
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax , Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment , much more!
Donald Trumps Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country. Jesse Watters
Will soon be 145 Judges!
This is just the beginning!
The Witch Hunt continues!
....and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended captured at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built.
Wacky Nut Job who still hasnt figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight, I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget , in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended captured large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They wont be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!
. The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty. Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!
Unimaginable loss - Such great people!
Sessions didnt have a clue!
Aluminum prices are down 12 since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!
....as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
On International Womens Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses...
Womens unemployment rate is down to 3.6 - was 7.9 in January, 2011. Things are looking good!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world. Stuart Varney So true!
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House , Senate Intelligence , Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!
Thank you Great show!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Breaking News Cohens lawyer contradicts Cohens testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol and others who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Democrats just blocked from holding a debate. Good, then I think Ill do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Wall Street Journal More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year. We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!
Congressman Chris Stewart No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they the Democrats are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented. They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the
It is shameful that House Democrats wont take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and its inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security , the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, , Criminals of all shapes and sizes. Thats what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesnt have the guts or money to run for President. Hes all talk!
Hans Von Spakovsky, I havent seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they dont have any evidence of wrongdoing.
Presidential Harassment!
Crooked Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House. Aw-shucks, does that mean I wont get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month....
Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nations most heartbreaking tragedies VETERANS SUICIDE. To every VeteranI want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.
Our great First Lady will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 100 PM PT with the terrific at the Resort. Shes on her Tour, helping address the Free admission for the first 1,500 people!
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!
HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report. Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton , the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They wont get ANYTHING done for our Country!
is indeed a Star! Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal , Ed.
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.
We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.
.... Amazon, like the Washington Post. Its hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore. The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct. Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or theyve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
Presidential Harassment!
There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!
Now that the Dems are going to try , switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didnt accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President. It will never work!
The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w Kim Jong Un of NKFAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those games, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA and me!.
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA and me!.
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN , others?
Schumer , the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION!
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar , fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the walk. Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
....President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?
Presidential Harassment by crazed Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on The Next Revolution. 900 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.and gets so little credit!. Then watch Mark Levin at 1000 P.M., a great show!
Look how theyre acting now and how we act when were in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldnt find anything...they took a Fake Dossier , couldnt find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen. Congressman Mark Green, R-TN.
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
...said was a total lie, but Fake Media wont show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted , corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal , should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!
Weve got NASA rocking again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. Its a total new love letter to Trump and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
Thank you
It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam, not 3 hours!
Will be speaking at CPAC at 1130 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U.K. relationship!
....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25 on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products including beef, pork, etc. based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
....for Ottos mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
Michael Cohens book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clintons lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, its time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Oh I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, gee, I have an idea, lets look at Trumps finances and every deal he has ever done. Lets follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohens new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a love letter to Trump manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!
Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, lets see what happens!
Today in Alaska, it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU!
I will be interviewed by at 900 P.M. on Enjoy!
Everyone MUST watch the opening to - A Classic!
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week President Trong, Prime Minister Phuc, and the wonderful people of Vietnam!
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow!
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
All false reporting guessing on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization , then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan , South Korea will be very helpful!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan Detroit area, doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, its where the action is!
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me unfortunately. He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying , fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crookeds lawyer!
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut how is Connecticut doing?. His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didnt do it during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, its protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they dont mind executing babies AFTER birth....
If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
China Trade Deal and more in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Lets see what happens?
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Dannys release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
...Dannys recovery reflects the best of what the United States , its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
Congratulations to on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43 and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50. Great news for your 401ks as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?
I hope our great Republican Senators dont get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we dont have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, dont fall into the Democrats trap of Open Borders and Crime!
Former Senator Harry Reid he got thrown out is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nations Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc. than almost any other Pres!
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
....productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. , China!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very......
So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, wheres the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI? Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
93 Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52 Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair BAD press in the history of presidential politics! And dont forget the Witch Hunt!
Poll Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves because of the Wall and Border Security. 70 support Border Security and the Wall. Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Womens Forum A great USA issue!
Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people and him, it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called A Salute To America and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!
So great being with you both in the Oval Office!
Theres not one shred of evidence that this presidents done anything Constitutionally or anything else wrong. Graham Ledger. Thank you Graham, so true!
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country and their future....
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. Thats why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesnt want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Great new book The Case For Trump by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
A must read by
Fake News is so bad for our Country!
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA. The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life, History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation, African-American Leaders, Pioneers, , Visionaries have uplifted , inspired our Country...
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!?
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW!
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction!
California now wants to scale back their already failed fast train project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General.... Trey Gowdy
The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump. Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers dont even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabes wife other than she they should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him another McCabe made up lie!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!
The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
Had the opposition party no, not the Media won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!
....The Witch Hunt in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election presidential! Victor Davis Hanson And got caught!
Remember this, Andrew McCabe didnt go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin James Comey!
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow!
Thank you JT!
Amazing!
The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and its much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe FBI admitted to plotting a coup government overthrow when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying , leaking. Treason!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship, and there will be NO GOING BACK!
I ask every member of the Maduro regime End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...
Hope you are enjoying your Presidents Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!
This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States. Dan Bongino on True!
Great analysis by
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous insurance policy in full action!
Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions another beauty, look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught.....
After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia. Ken Dilanian
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility, writes via
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup. Rush Limbaugh
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
52 Approval Rating, 93 in Republican Party a record ! Pretty amazing considering that 93 also of my press is REALLY BAD. The people are SMART!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our countrys history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal, and more, today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100 Caliphate victory!
The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
BUILDING THE WALL!
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora, Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system , Constitution. Alan Dershowitz.
After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose, by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!
One year ago today, a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland, Florida. On this somber anniversary, we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans, especially our Nations children...
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabes wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a poor little Angel when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal , the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of insurance policy in case I won....
funding bill
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a green disaster!
Today, it was my great honor to address the Association and Conference in Washington, D.C. We will never forget your service, and we will never, ever let you down! We love you, and we thank God for you each and every day.
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69 of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!
The Senate Intelligence Committee THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
Thank you to
....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
Beautiful evening in El Paso, Texas last night. God Bless the USA!
We are fighting for all Americans, from all backgrounds, of every age, race, religion, birthplace, color , creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda it is the mainstream, common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso, Texas - I love you!
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants, like Paradise in Kentucky!
. . . .
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future.
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
No president ever worked harder than me cleaning up the mess I inherited!
Fact checkers have become Fake News. So True!
The U.S. will soon control 100 of ISIS territory in Syria. do you believe this?.
Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowmanwoman!
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts, but they dont even want to take muderers into custody! Whats going on?
President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented. Congressman
....The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with North Korea, V.A., High Taxes , too many Regulations, Border, Immigration , HealthCare problems, , much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
The media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been reported as a positive, not negative. When the term Executive Time is used, I am generally working, not relaxing. In fact, I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
It was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
I dont think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall , now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Gallup Poll Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans. This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called Carbon Footprint to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas , the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!
The Democrats just dont seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and dont let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer , be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he wont surprise me, because I have gotten to know him , fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 , 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim , advancing the cause of peace!
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Countrys history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
Working hard, thank you!
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest , report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between Trump , Russia....
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of
Not only did Senator Burrs Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, its important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, , the Committee has direct access to intelligence information thats Classified.
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. We dont have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia. Thank you!
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Each year, America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire.
Today, it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Womens Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. Read more
2019 National Prayer Breakfast
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican in 2020!
....The Dems and their committees are going nuts. The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
Looking forward to tonight!
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today, people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays, joyful festivals, and family gatherings...
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasnt seen it yet. Hes just upset that he didnt win the Senate, after spending a fortune, like he thought he would. Too bad we werent given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight , putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back , will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack , Tiger like each other.
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on and prior to the Super Bowl on at 330 P.M. Enjoy!
Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated, I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo. This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on super late term abortion. Unforgivable!
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Florida with and
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom, purpose, and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100 of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and, after many years, spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the Endless Wars of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
This Witch Hunt must end!
Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay GPS Fusion members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted , discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Just out The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media , Dems said were made to his father me, were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends , business associates of Don. Really sad!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Countrys history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran, ISIS, North Korea, etc. Their testimony was distorted press....
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33 from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion, high taxes, Open Borders and Crime!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. Ive got you covered. Wall is already being built, I dont expect much help!
....Chinas representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25 on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
Chinas top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
With Murders up 33 in Mexico, a record, why wouldnt any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished.
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33 from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally, after many decades, properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
So great to watch , listen to all these people who write books , talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing IT. As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, , say gee, Im in the White House, , theyre not!
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuelas fight to regain its democracy....
Dow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets last week and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but....
Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing, getting remains, hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
When I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria , running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World. So true, and not even close!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
How does Da Nang Dick Blumenthal serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People cant last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!
In the Medias effort to destroy the President, they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced, its amazing he has accomplished so much. DEROY MURDOCK I agree!
Howard Schultz doesnt have the guts to run for President! Watched him on last night and I agree with him that he is not the smartest person. Besides, America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
Tariffs on the dumping of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry, but created many jobs. Also, billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
Never thought Id say this but I think and have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN , NBC! Look to final results! Dont know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19 with Hispanics?
After all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges 99, Justices 2, Tax , Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade , MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I wont build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never thought Id say this but I think and have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN , NBC! Look to final results! Dont know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19 with Hispanics?
BUILD A WALL , CRIME WILL FALL!
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. Its called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems , Fake News like to portray the opposite!
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID!
WITCH HUNT!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage collusion with Crooked H? that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didnt even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton. Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified Dossier, a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost! Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Only fools, or people with a political agenda, dont want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
BUILD A WALL , CRIME WILL FALL!
We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, , it was ignored. Mark Morgan, Border Chief for O!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee, the RNC, who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
We have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldnt even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal, both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border , through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
I like the fact that the President is making the case Border Security , Crime to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer , the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue. Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page , lover, Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa , Peters deleted texts , Wieners laptop? Much more!
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days, if no deal is done, its off to the races!
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael DAntonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesnt devote much time to this!
Nancy just said she just doesnt understand why? Very simply, without a Wall it all doesnt work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
...back home where they belong, no more Rockets or Ms being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!
The Fake News Media loves saying so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un. Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, , with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages , remains....
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI , wasnt sworn in, no tape, nothing?
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers!
This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps , welfare. Donald Trumps giving them a job. Hes got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.
A great new book just out, Game of Thorns, by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a great State of the Union Address in the near future!
As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trumps First Two Years in Office
Even Trump Haters like MSNBC acknowledge you BUILD A WALL , CRIME WILL FALL!
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela.
BUILD A WALL , CRIME WILL FALL!
BUILD A WALL , CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished under construction now, of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
Deroy Murdock, National Review We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if youre Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Marianos support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and
...big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann do you believe this? who worked Baker hard , gave him Oppo Research for a Russia probe. This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax.
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump Dossier paid for by the DNC , Clinton Campaign, , funded through a...
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the podium much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely , inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly , hence, the term, Fake News!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!
Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Never seen and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis , Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!
MaristNPRPBS Poll shows President Trumps approval rating among Latinos going to 50, an increase in one year of 19. Thank you, working hard!
FBI top lawyer confirms unusual steps. They relied on the Clinton Campaigns Fake , Unverified Dossier, which is illegal. That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and thats what they did to the President. Judge Napolitano
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates and Drugs will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!
Looking like Nick Sandman , Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! New footage shows that media was wrong about teens encounter with Native American
Democrats are kidding themselves they dont really believe it! if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are immoral, why isnt she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked strangers just flow into the U.S.
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!
Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with Mike Pence, in honor of
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and getting things done! How is that working out?
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God.
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., you would need a magic wand. I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump! Thank you Bill Bennett
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal , Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
A truly great First Lady who doesnt get the credit she deserves!
Thanks James!
Will do a fantastic job!
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
Thank you David!
Dont forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!
Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19, to 50. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer made during the Shutdown, security is no problem, and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, Ill get back to you soon!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally , has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the lefties in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!
No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They dont see crime , drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country , allow people to go back to work.
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldnt be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Always heard that as President, its all about the economy! Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, , more. But LITTLE media mention!
I will be live from the White House at 400 P.M.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but cant get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years including the election lead-up, as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story , the even more disgraceful coverage!
The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record set by us many times - , all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!
. just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats as opposition research, on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice!
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No Cave on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals , Drugs now!
Kevin Corke, Dont forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars.... Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
Its the Democrats keeping everything closed. So true!
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy , her big donors in wine country that people working on farms grapes will have easy access in!
Border rancher Weve found prayer rugs out here. Its unreal. Washington Examiner People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.
Gregg Jarrett Muellers prosecutors knew the Dossier was the product of bias and deception. It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!
In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122 increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.
Thank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border.
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100 successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food I paid, over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Congratulations
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food I paid, over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they dont want Border Security!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin James Comey and the so-called leaders of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!
For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING or worse....
Spoke w President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. , Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
Getting ready to go on stage at the in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB, Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now!
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Nancy and Cryin Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
Ive been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now producing a great deal more oil than ever before. But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan. The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes , 4000 violent killings. Americas Southern....
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, Thank you for being here. Im glad youre here Its their house, hes supposed to be there!
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better , more responsible hands!
....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety.
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
Im in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and dont want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 900 P.M. on Watch before and after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their vacations and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is chaotic, there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan. The Fakes always like talking Chaos, there is NONE. In fact, theres almost nobody in the W.H. but me, and...
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswomanman. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
23 of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 , 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Lyin James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, , more, all disgraced andor fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the insurance policy? This is it!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, , as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, , the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion and much more by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
....the FBI was in complete turmoil see N.Y. Post because of Comeys poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department. My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged , botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didnt know anything a lie,....
Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason , with no proof, after I fired Lyin James Comey, a total sleaze!
. called a San Diego news station for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work, CNN no longer had interest.
Drug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we havent built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high, strong and beautiful! Also, many miles already renovated and in service!
...The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs , so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin Chuck and Nancy dont know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay, including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
I often said during rallies, with little variation, that Mexico will pay for the Wall. We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
When I took the Oath of Office....
We lose 300 Americans a week, 90 of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
Will be interviewed at the Border by on tonight at 900. Enjoy!
Dear Diary...
From the Southern Border....
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the
President Obama, thank you for your great support I have been saying this all along!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas!
Great support for Border Security and the Wall. Even greater than anyone would know! Presidents supporters do not want him to cave. I wont!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party , the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but dont want to give Trump another one of many wins!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I slammed the table , walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum. Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!
Thank you to all of Americas brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you.
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives , money!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice , Accountability. Economy , GDP are strong. Tax , Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives , money!
Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W.H.
Talks with China are going very well!
The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome. Mark Glyptis, United Steelworkers
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, , those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 900 P.M. Eastern.
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. Its been done a number of times. No doubt, but lets get our deal done in Congress!
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration, and me, look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources , write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well, yet this is a sad day in America!
With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts, the Fake News , totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the SchumerPelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger , less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U.S.A.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99 of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked... Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in... Hillary Clinton, 2015.
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with senior staff.
AP-NORC POLL Immigration among the top concerns in 2019. People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High. CNS NEWS. And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years Previous administration said this could not happen. Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 for day.
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the SchumerPelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!
Former editor Jill Abramson rips papers unmistakably anti-Trump bias.Ms. Abramson is 100 correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News, Enemy of the People, and Opposition Party!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton on the being put out by a proud member of the Opposition Party. is doing a great job!
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they dont want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL! In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS-13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
I dont care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?
Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama , the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine , settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security including a Wall, something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security including Wall on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events, including Fake sources, has been very inaccurate to put it mildly!
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress, Choosing the Extraordinary Life. Get it and enjoy!
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. Im sure he is a fine man, but I dont know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!
Job growth surges by 312,000 in December
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded, had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93?
As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they cant win in 2020, too much success!
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by They have the motive of making the President look bad instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, its 20 years overdue....
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year!
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they cant win based on all of the achievements of Trump, so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!
MAGA list 205 historic results help Trump make case for 2020 re-election
Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Lets get it done!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people this is the first and most important duty of government...
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake? I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didnt. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player , WIN!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but cant because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Do you think its just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - , he is ready to meet President Trump anytime. PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Washington Examiner - MAGA list 205 historic results help Trump make case for 2020 re-election. True!
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Border Security and the Wall thing and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Lets make a deal?
Congratulations to President who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
General McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover!
The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, Why We Fight. Lots of insight - Enjoy!
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech stuff is just, by comparison, meaningless bells , whistles...
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico , Canada will also thrive - good for all!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
....Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....
Its incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesnt work. It does, and properly built, almost 100! They say its old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!
Im in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, Ill get it built, and Fast!
I am the only person in America who could say that, Im bringing our great troops back home, with victory, and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!
I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an Open Wound, where drugs, criminals including human traffickers and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!
...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media, or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived, like to complain about me , my tactics, which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!
If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, were slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides. Makes sense to me!
Im in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, Ill get it built, and Fast!
President and Mrs. Obama builthas a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansioncompound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
Veterans on President Trumps handling of Border Security - 62 Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59. AP Poll. Thank you!
It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt , illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed.
Absolutely nothing on Russian Collusion. Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
2018 is being called THE YEAR OF THE WORKER by Steve Moore, co-author of Trumponomics. It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.
For those that naively ask why didnt the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us NONE for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad!
...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadnt given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard , getting so little credit!
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They cant. If we had a Wall, they wouldnt even try! The two.....
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
.....Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build finish the Wall or we close the Border......
....The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount, that I would consider closing the Southern Border a profit making operation. We build a Wall or.....
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall , also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress , President who would approve!
CNN , others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!
This isnt about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly In Israel the Wall works 99.9. This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump , the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!
Brad Blakeman The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, youve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Dont always look to America.
I totally agree!
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
Border Patrol Agents want the Wall. Democrats say they dont want the Wall even though they know it is really needed, and they dont want ICE. They dont have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didnt get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and thats where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting , expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U.S. record!
Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking,Gang Members , Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!
Brad Blakeman The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look, this is your neighborhood, youve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Dont always look to America.
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didnt get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and thats where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.
. Melania and I were honored to visit our incredible troops at Al Asad Air Base in Iraq. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Merry Christmas!
I am in the Oval Office , just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, , lives, will be saved!
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on North Korea Progress being made. Looking forward to my next summit with Chairman Kim!
I am all alone poor me in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isnt it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U.S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!
The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is, without the Wall, much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!
I never lashed out at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They dont have a feel for the Market, they dont understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who cant score because he has no touch - he cant putt!
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH , sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal now terminated approved by Little Bob Corker.
....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!
To those few Senators who think I dont like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I dont like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade...
Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign, because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked, that they turned against it. Desperately needed!
President of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus, Turkey is right next door. Our troops are coming home!
The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is. Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
The most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security, and as EVERYONE knows, you cant have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones , Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!
Mitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best , most productive of his career. Tax , Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships , much more. Great!
It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and hes right...The generals still dont get the mistake.
Thanks I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. Weve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. Hes different...thats why he got elected.
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. I LOVE TENNESSEE!
Senator Bob Corker just stated that, Im so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and thats what I told the people of our state thats what Id do, serve for two terms. But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldnt endorse him.....
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is the mistake of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
I just had a long and productive call with President of Turkey. We discussed ISIS, our mutual involvement in Syria, , the slow , highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.
I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1, 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy, , previously Boeing. He will be great!
The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldnt, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.
If anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home happy , healthy, that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!
Senate adjourns until December 27th.
I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless , costly foreign wars , also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we wont fight for the borders of our own!
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
....going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. Were coming home!
I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking , more but it could be a long stay. On Syria, we were originally...
OUR GREAT COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!
Some of the many Bills that I am signing in the Oval Office right now. Cancelled my trip on Air Force One to Florida while we wait to see if the Democrats will help us to protect Americas Southern Border!
A design of our Steel Slat Barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful!
Today, it was my honor to sign into law H.R. 7213, the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018. The Act redesignates the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office as the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. Read more
Today, it was my great honor to sign the - a monumental bi-partisan win for the American people!
Ive done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
General Anthony Tata, author, Dark Winter. I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.
There has never been a president who has been tougher but fair on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
Thank you for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.
Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
House Republican Vote, 217-185.
The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People dont want Open Borders and Crime!
No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big. I am very proud of you!
.....on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they dont. In Israel the Wall is 99.9 successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing elses that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. Its like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, , technology.....
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems dont vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said, last week live from the Oval Office, that the Republicans didnt have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won, 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!
General Jim Mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of February, after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jims tenure, tremendous progress has been made, especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!
Democrats, it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS. Border security must become a priority!
Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes!
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives , billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying , killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran , other locals? Time to focus on our Country , bring our youth back home where they belong!
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year NOW. It didnt happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didnt get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
The Democrats, who know Steel Slats Wall are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
....Russia, Iran, Syria , many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. Ive been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria , others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home , rebuild.
Im proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria. Senator Rand Paul. I couldnt agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
Trump gets no credit for what hes done in the Middle East. So true, thank you Laura!
Col. Jim Carafano on Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. Thats all due to Trump.
After historic victories against ISIS, its time to bring our great young people home!
....In any event, it goes on and on , the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda, does little else but rant, rave , politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of justice.
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees, rent, salaries etc. Now, as usual, I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by.....
We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
Mexico is paying indirectly for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to Border Security and the Military, the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military, which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other, we will win on the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security including a Wall and the Military. We won on the Military, it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
....This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill....
....It will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
The Democrats, are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall, we are building artistically designed steel slats, so that you can easily see through it....
Congratulations to on her appointment by Governor as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!
President Donald J. Trumps Commission on School Safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students and teachers. Read more
Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX, but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?
....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE. Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary , DNC!
Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steeles claims! When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier, the specific allegations, we have not seen the evidence to support them. Theres good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more difficult for people to join They have removed many names , greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
I hope the people over at the Fed will read todays Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also, dont let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 Bs. Feel the market, dont just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!
Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendous pressure being put on him, about Russian Collusion in our great and, obviously, highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!
Biggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover, Lisa Page, were purposely , illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax, which is now under protest!
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers , Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than everwe stand with our Farmers!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us, Paris is burning and China way down, the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!
The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance, working with the Democrats, to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!
....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, started as the insurance policy long before I even got elected, is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements, lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!
....a persecution of the President. Daniel Henninger, The Wall Street Journal. Thank you, people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!
It looks here as though General Flynns defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......
Required television watching is last weeks interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesnt tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!
The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you dont separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel , Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, there is no evidence or proof of collusion , further that there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President. Thank you Judge.
At the request of many, I will be reviewing the case of a U.S. Military hero, Major Matt Golsteyn, who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas.
Remember, Michael Cohen only became a Rat after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable , unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEYS OFFICE! Why didnt they break into the DNC to get the Server, or Crookeds office?
So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page, his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!
A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like NBC , Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts, cant be legal? Only defame , belittle! Collusion?
Required television watching is last weeks interview with the wonderful wife of and the interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesnt tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!
Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!
The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard, run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol who, like many others, never had a clue, is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
Never in the history of our Country has the press been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton , the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!
.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Secretary of the Interior will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......
Wow, but not surprisingly, ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!
For the record, there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney, Director of the Office of Management , Budget, will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing General John Kelly, who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration....
Thank you to for agreeing to expand operations in the U.S. and thereby creating thousands of jobs!
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry, there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country....
....Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
Lets not do a shutdown, Democrats - do whats right for the American People!
Today, it was my honor to welcome our Nations newly elected Governors to the
Happy 382nd Birthday Our entire Nation is forever grateful for all you do 247365. We love you!
Just did an interview with on airing now 1pmE. Enjoy!
....She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
If it was a Conservative that said what crazed Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horrible term, that person would be banned permanently from television....
WITCH HUNT!
They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didnt lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!......
....guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called advice of counsel, and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......
I often stated, One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall. This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly , anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
. Melania will be interviewed by tonight on at 900pmE!
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they cant give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.
I dont care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI... -Chris Swecker
James Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words, he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time, but especially after his mind exploded!
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldnt someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!
Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!
Great job by Michael Anton on A true National Security expert!
....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!
.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer , Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
....however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
.....Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier , less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections , fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,.....
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls , Fences, or Border Patrol Officers , Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier. Details on Tuesday night.
James Comeys behind closed doors testimony reveals that there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!
....which it was not but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obamas - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyers liability if he made a mistake, not me. Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
Democrats cant find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comeys testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion. Thats because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two not even years of existence, , we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245 occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didnt know, didnt recall, or couldnt remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans not 2 - didnt know who signed off and didnt know Christopher Steele. All lies!
It was my honor to attend todays in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations on the win!
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now!
....left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask the Dick to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam which he never saw. As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers....
Very sad day , night in Paris. Maybe its time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here. Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring....
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS and a cost of over $30,000,000, NO COLLUSION!
The idea of a European Military didnt work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1 while the U.S. pays 4.3 of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
The Paris Agreement isnt working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries that are questionably run, in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting We Want Trump! Love France.
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being reported that Leakin James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didnt have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldnt get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Today, we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America!
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
China talks are going very well!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, , also Bruce Ohr and his lovely wife Molly, Comey, Brennan, Clapper, , all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC , Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein who also signed the FISA Warrant, be a big part of the Report? Isnt Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
.....overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial , many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....
....Will Robert Muellers big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissmans horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed peoples lives, took down great companies, only to be........
Robert Mueller and Leakin Lyin James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasnt the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi who I do not know in charge of legal at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Arizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
TrishRegan Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I dont think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Dont use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain. Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor Counsel, to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. Theyre the criminals. He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!
Statement from China The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days. I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very important help of my campaign Rallies, WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE, 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges , others. Big Republican Win!
My thoughts and prayers are with the crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need, we are here for you.
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years Tax , Regulation Cuts, Judges, Military, Vets, etc. my approval rating would be at 75 rather than the 50 just reported by Rasmussen. Its called Presidential Harassment!
Working hard, thank you!
Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time!
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this horror drug, using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a controlled substance. This could be a game changer on what is.......
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
.....China had agreed to start immediately buying U.S. products.
China officially echoed President Donald Trumps optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans , Liquified Natural Gas, the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
.....China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving Americas environment. But American taxpayers and American workers shouldnt pay to clean up others countries pollution.
I am glad that my friend and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats we need their votes that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember,......
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance , precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
Bob Mueller who is a much different man than people think and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, dont want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
I will never testify against Trump. This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about President Trump. Nice to know that some people still have guts!
....his wife and father-in-law who has the money? off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence.
Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time. You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT , ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get.....
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!
I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World, and that is what China wants. Farmers, I LOVE YOU!
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40.
This week, Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah!
....However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life. Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush
Watch on NOW. Enjoy!
Great day at the in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Thank you!
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a big one. Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didnt do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction to put it mildly. Against all odds, I decide to run for President , continue to run my business-very legal , very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
Alan Dershowitz These are not crimes. He Mueller has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I dont see any evidence of crimes. This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting son Don, perfectly legal. He wasnt involved with hacking. Gregg Jarrett. A total Witch Hunt!
Just landed in Argentina with Melania!
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!
We have been working hard on this - and its only going to get better!
With all of the new books coming out you cant forget two of the great originals written by and Pirro. Their books both went to Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
. new book, Spygate The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump, is terrific. Hes tough, hes smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
. and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it,
. has written an absolutely fascinating book BACK IN THE GAME on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies dont want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 is that possible?, it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats arent even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, Why We Fight. Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts, warmth to your homes, cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD!
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan , Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event, it is being studied now!
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25 have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the chicken tax. If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here.....
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts , they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails even though they dont want to look at the DNC Server, but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED , acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there and in Mexico - dont think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect Americas Workers!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico , China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all subsidies, including....
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and theyve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and Justice Department!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it wont be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly , viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
....starts today, election is on December 4th. is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
While CNN doesnt do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
....and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are, GREAT!
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called they want to be. There was NO Collusion , Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those on the other sidewhatever happened to Podesta?, and will he be putting in statements from.....
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!
....children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump its not. Fake 60 Minutes!
. did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad cruel we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42 - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation. Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they dont live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata President Trump is a man of his word , he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. Its the right move by President Trump. Thanks General!
Mississippi, Vote for on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling thank you President T. Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down are you listening Fed!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer. Dems created this problem. No crossings!
The large and violent French protests dont take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare , the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on He wrote a highly touted book called The Second World Wars and a new book will soon be coming out called The Case For Trump. Recommend both.
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No Releasing into the U.S...
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by Secretary The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they arent true. They never like to ask me for a quote bc it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. Mitch McConnell and have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. Mitch McConnell and have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 900 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots , to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
....and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete , total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79, , is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
Its a mean , nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, , one that is absolutely vital to Americas national security. I agree 100. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S., big Jobs , Oil!
You just cant win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
79 of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit. A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before. Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view on Border and Safety cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have Obama judges, and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an independent judiciary, but if it is why......
Great new book out, Mad Politics Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy by Loudon. Go out and get your copy today a great read!
Trump Imitation Syndrome is afflicting the presidents liberal enemies Thank you
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but lets go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President in Argentina later this month.
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration!
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. Thats ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars , they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
. loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A.
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security , Wall NOW!
The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months. Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt D-CA talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller who is highly conflicted was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on at 200 P.M. and 700 P.M. Enjoy!
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you!
Heading to California with Kevin McCarthy, and Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters, First Responders and along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way God Bless you all!
....I cant imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory, she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win!
Thank you Look forward to joining you and tomorrow in California. We are with you!
....their countrys flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isnt it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought , fought , fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
It is our sacred duty to support Americas Service Members every single day they wear the uniform and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us, we will CHERISH those who protect us, and we will celebrate the amazing heroes...
Last year, I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration, we have removed more than 3,600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve....
It was my great honor to host a Conference on Supporting Veterans , Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform, , to every Veteran , Military family across our land, I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation!
. Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington, D.C. We love you
The only Collusion is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still dont have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. Thats the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted and NOT Senate approved Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page , her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They wont even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and dont...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start new job, and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here
I am grateful to be here today w Members of the House , Senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w my Admin over the last two years, these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!
Was just briefed by and who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and for the incredible job they are doing w the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage , genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years, Americas steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administrations policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
Boom Record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the this afternoon. Very, very special people!
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States , around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family , friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger....
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to find enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!
By the way, when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport , big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26, and an unemployment rate of almost 10. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!........
On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One , Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States , around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family , friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year.
By the way, when the helicopter couldnt fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport , big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT,T-Time Warner would do. Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
.....of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly, which it hasnt, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection,........
Exactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle....
Poland, a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there!
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
On this Veterans Day the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE!
With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
These California fires are expanding very, very quickly in some cases 80-100 acres a minute. If people dont evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by Senator Ambassador Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out in Arizona, SIGNATURES DONT MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a number, couldnt do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him back into play. Bill Nelson conceded Election - now hes back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50,000 votes on Election Day, now they found many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. The Broward Effect. How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flakey doesnt want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the crime of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Dont worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia but the Election was on Tuesday? Lets blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
. ran a great race in Georgia he won. It is time to move on!
Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriffs Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been reported dead. Likewise, the shooter is dead, along with the first police officer to enter the bar....
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
According to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation 46 more than they Approve 41. You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!
In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 1130 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations friends that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
. How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career. Thanks, I agree!
....unbelievably lucky to have him and Im just awed at how well theyve done. Its all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, hes got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins. Ben Stein, The Capitalist Code
Theres only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter , campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren R of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida, very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz R. He has my Strong Endorsement!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Bob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
POLLING LOCATIONS
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, , stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Josh will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer, Pelosi, Waters, and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens, which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote
A fantastic evening in Girardeau, Missouri. Josh will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs, great on tax cuts, and tough on crime. He shares your values, and he will always support our Military, Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!!
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country, and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow, and
On my way, see you soon Cape Girardeau, Missouri!
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and tomorrow!
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike is a vote to keep your jobs going up, your wages going up, and your healthcare costs coming down. Its a vote to keep your families safe , to keep criminals, traffickers , drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike!
Just landed in Fort Wayne, Indiana for a at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon!
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM!
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden, screeching halt. Vote
Somethings happening America! Get out tomorrow and so together, we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, hes never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar. Chris Wallace on In other words, Nelson is a stiff.
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesdays Election or Early Voting. Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didnt call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNNs ratings are so low. Dont fall for the Suppression Game. Go out , VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy JOBS in the history of our Country!
I need of to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
If did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, overtaxed mess. will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!
. voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote, controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military , Vets!
John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!
In just 2 days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs, defend your borders, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha!
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee, GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge - see everyone soon!
Thank you Macon, Georgia! Get out on Tuesday, November 6th and VOTE for as your next Governor to protect your jobs, defend your borders, fight for your values, and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Macon, Georgia where the crowds are massive, for a 4pmE Will be in Chattanooga, Tennessee tonight, seen below, for a 7pmE rally. Somethings happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE!
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia!
New Fox Poll shows a 40 Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans. Thank you, a great honor!
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE!
If you want to protect criminal aliens VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans VOTE REPUBLICAN!
. is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Another fantastic tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days, the People of Florida are going to elect and to protect your jobs, defend your BORDERS, and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Pensacola, Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday?
Governor of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military , our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote
In all the time Ive been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isnt that what Russia did!?
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesnt even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for and
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obamas...
New York, get out and VOTE for a great and hardworking Congressman. We need Johns voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
Get out and VOTE for
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didnt become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Thank you to and for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it!
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didnt become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!
Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Dont forget to VOTE!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Countrys finances. The beginning of the end!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
Massive in Indiana, thank you. Everyone get out and
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of and Law Enforcement!
In just 4 days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike to the United States Senate, so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!!
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport, Indiana shortly!
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Fantastic West Virginia, thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick and
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Dont tell anyone big secret, but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. Hes been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Wow! The U.S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership, America is BOOMING, America is THRIVING, and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh for the United States Senate!
Beautiful evening at a with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together, we are taking back this Country returning power to YOU, the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and
Together, we are Making America Safe and Great Again!
On my way to Columbia, Missouri for a Look forward to seeing everyone soon!
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers, burdens American taxpayers, undermines public safety, and places enormous strain on local schools, hospitals and communities...
....His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders could never do the job. Get out and VOTE Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong, smart, and has been successful at everything he has ever done....
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!
Thats because they treat me fairly! tops and combined in October cable news ratings
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful Get out and so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican!
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now!
VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!!
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus far more so than any other local political figure. His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship!
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy! Brad Blakeman
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
....Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders which brings massive Crime stuff. Dont forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!
So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words subject to the jurisdiction thereof. Many legal scholars agree.....
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad , solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but wont!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Congressman has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
. will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State and always produces big....
....Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, thats not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
Just out Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think were going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that weve had for the S,P 500. Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes , Open Borders!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesnt need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute King of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State , Country. Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
. and love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
. and love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congresswoman of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on She has my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
. of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
. and love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
. is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
. is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
So Revealing!
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham tonight at 1000 P.M. on
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word Media. The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the Media is the Enemy of the People. Wrong! I said that the Fake News Media is the Enemy of the People, a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
In Florida there is a choice between a HarvardYale educated man named who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open , obvious hostility , report the news accurately , fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake , Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by He comes off as a crazed , stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!
Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force Ret, for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement.
Very interesting!
Watching the DodgersRed Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose , dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous relievers who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
As you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police...
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special.
Budd and Mark, two great patriots for Congress!
Martha McSally is a great warrior, her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko!
Thank you Charlie!
Good luck Mary!
A big change is coming - dont want the Dems anymore!
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares via
Fantastic evening in Charlotte, North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for and replay
If you meet every day with optimism if you confront every obstacle with determination if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach!
It was my great honor, thank you!
Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST!
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in Americas future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders...
I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!
I would like to begin todays remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country, and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody.
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this Bomb stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!
Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong but fair laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, its just not Presidential!
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school, accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers, and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world...
In 1983, roughly 1,800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U.S. Embassy earlier that year, killing 63 people, including 17 Americans...
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago, 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. Today, we honor our fallen heroes...
. from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
. will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
. is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
. of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him great guy has my Total Endorsement!
. of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
...I agree with their stance 100, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Just spoke with Prime Minister of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Spoke with French President this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese glad they finally added China are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, , when I do its government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act, FAST!
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones, and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!
Just leaving Wisconsin. and are fantastic people, badly needed for our Country!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people, and
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Secret Service...
I agree wholeheartedly!
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important, get out and VOTE for Brian!
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
I agree with President Obama 100!
Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country wont give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment, John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricanedisaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT bail out long outstanding , unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Jay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
We send our deepest condolences to and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
Todays Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE!
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy!
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
THANK YOU HOUSTON, TEXAS. Get out and
Massive crowds inside and outside of the in Houston, Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon!
Lets go FLORIDA!
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama, California, South Dakota and Wyoming!
WOW - thank you Houston, Texas! I am departing now. See you in a few hours!!
....I say of course theyre low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? But I still like them!
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low....
America the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!
Shock report US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trumps wall
Big Night In Texas!!!!
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
Sadly, it looks like Mexicos Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Congressman Tom Reed of New Yorks 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Ron DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to purge themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldnt we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-ks!
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Watched North Dakotas Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin, you will be a great Senator!
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko, Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!!
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, Martha McSally. She is an inspiration , will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet, really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Ron DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard , Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst , most corrupt cities in USA!
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck , Nancy, call me!
Beautiful evening in Mesa, Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you!
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa, Arizona!
On my way - see you all shortly!
WOW - Mesa, Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Somethings happening!!
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party!
Beto ORourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country!
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi , Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester , Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
Thank you Missoula, Montana. Get out and VOTE for and
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldnt care less about our Country!
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Prime Minister of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning!
Thank you Mexico, we look forward to working with you!
Look forward to being there. Somethings happening!
Can you believe this, and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country?
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they dont, they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also, Democrats will destroy your Medicare, and I will keep it healthy and well!
See you tonight Missoula, Montana!
. outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office...
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with...
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect.
Congressman is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in Washington. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat Party led because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S.....
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush , me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
This afternoon, it was my great honor to present Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the
Congressman Neal Dunn of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat for decades, actually. Thats why they will be voting for me!
President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American EconomyRead more
Republicans must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the Border, a part of the Midterms!
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans, that the Democrats wont approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.
August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just cant help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. ORourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!
Watched the debate last night , Beto ORourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same league with Ted Cruz , what the great people of Texas stand for , want. Ted is strong on Crime, Border , 2nd A, loves our Military, Vets, Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!
Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness, which is promise keeping, he is probably the most honest president in American history. Hes done exactly what he said he would do. Marc Thiessen, WPost
Stock Market up 548 points today. Also, GREAT jobs numbers!
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered, even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens, or others, to journey through their borders and up to the United States, with the intention of entering our country illegally, all payments made to them will STOP END!
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on at 800 P.M., right after the great Lou Dobbs!
WOW, John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State, and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help, if anything, a major hindrance. John James is a star, I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
...during the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly expand, a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.
Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
REGISTER TO
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr, whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier, and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM WITCH HUNT, is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????
Conflict between Glen Simpsons testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get FAKE Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth. Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?
Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees. Great, now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me, a total con!
Incredible number just out, 7,036,000 job openings. Astonishing - its all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also, Strong Profits. We are Number One in World, by far!
For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia or Russia, for that matter. Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS of which there is plenty!
8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras, no more money or aid will be given to Honduras, effective immediately!
Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border. The Washington Examiner States, Finally, the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers. This was done by the Obama Administration!
Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her a person of color amazing con, and would not have taken her otherwise!
Pocahontas the bad version, sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren, is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 11024, far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her, DNA test is useless. Even they dont want her. Phony!
TOGETHER, WE WILL PREVAIL!
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!
Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!
On our way to Florida and Georgia!
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened to our Saudi Arabian citizen. He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place, everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm , Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for Americas future is never over! Ben Shapiro
Thank you to NBC for the correction!
Thank you!
I will be interviewed on 60 Minutes tonight at 700 P.M., after NFL game. Enjoy!
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner!
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual, dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!
Will be interviewed tonight by on at 730 P.M. Eastern. Enjoy!
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, Ship of Fools. It just went to NUMBER ONE!
Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office, great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd , spirit! Just returned to White House.
Thank you Kentucky!
On my way to Richmond, Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 700pmE. The crowds are once again, massive. See everyone in a couple of hours!
WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON!
Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets , 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us, only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus R of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime, borders, big tax , reg cuts, Military , Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours. Kristin Fisher of Very cool!
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I dont make deals for hostages. There was, however, great appreciation on behalf of the United States, which will lead to good, perhaps great, relations between the United States , Turkey!
Pastor Andrew Brunson, released by Turkey, will be with me in the Oval Office at 230 P.M. this afternoon. It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President for his help!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon, Ohio. Thank you! watch here
The GREAT football and lacrosse player, Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people!
Happy With the recent our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!!
Dont miss our GREAT Melania, on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT!
REGISTER TO VOTE!
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by If you see them, be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU!
Thank you to and all First Responders!
Thank you Jacksonville Sheriffs Office!
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie, Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE!
Couldnt let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania!
Departing the for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.
We are with you Florida!
Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92 of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC, CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Dont worry, the Failing New York Times didnt even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
THANK YOU IOWA , NEBRASKA! VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
. has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Governments plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration
REGISTER TO VOTE!
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. and First Responders are ready - be prepared!
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, parts of Georgia, and unfortunately North Carolina, and South Carolina, again...
Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 1030am.
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers and all are very happy with USMCA!
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they havent gotten their checks - in other words, they werent paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying or not paying the bills!
Great to see launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done!
Every day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, , onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity , they respond with the best of the American Spirit. Americas LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation!
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you we will ALWAYS have your BACK now and FOREVER!
Americas police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger , despair you are the reason we never lose hope because there are men , women in uniform who face down evil , stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT!
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you!
Departing Washington, D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!
Christopher Columbuss spirit of determination , adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator, , celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean.
. had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again, in the near future.
You dont hand matches to an arsonist, and you dont give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Beautiful evening in Topeka, Kansas. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Thank you Kansas - I love you!
The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people , most are onlookers - that wouldnt even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, , its not!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annies wedding rather than coming to todays vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting YES to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
Just out 3.7 Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Dont fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love!
Beautiful evening in Rochester, Minnesota. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of and in the U.S. House!
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism
Working hard, thank you!
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
Our countrys great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean , despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriffs Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 247365.
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work!
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there!
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of time value of money in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97 of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congressman of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants a top priority for I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
National wage growth is at the highest its been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by Glassdoor, its not expected to slow down anytime soon....
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
Thank you Mississippi - I love you!
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN!
USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this!
Yesterday, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II, for his actions on April 6, 2008, when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOURE TIRED OF WINNING!
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade and more long into the future.
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family!
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE!
Thank you Tennessee - I love you!
News conference on the USMCA this morning at 1100 - Rose Garden of White House.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many......
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the word that the time and scope of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them, it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote? And it will only get better!
Like many, I dont watch Saturday Night Live even though I past hosted it - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show despite being told no, was great. Hes leading the charge!
NBC News incorrectly reported as usual that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses, only to certain people. Actually, I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate, at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Thank you West Virginia - I love you!
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on tonight. Long lines, but will be great!
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!
Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. Thats because we are beating them on Trade, opening markets, and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over!
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesnt want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.
73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly
Consumer confidence rose in September, notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Boards index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August...
Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations
Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you dont get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.
Thank you Dr. Jeffress!
Thank you Mark!
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats! Gallup
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!
It was my great honor to welcome President of France to the United States, here in New York City, this evening!
It was my great honor to welcome President of Egypt to the United States this afternoon, in New York City. Great meetings!
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony!
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President Jae-in of South Korea today, in New York City!
Today, we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together!
Remarks by President Trump at Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem Event
Prime Minster is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting!
New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!
Thank you Missouri - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Missouri - I love you!
Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895
Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans!
Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POWMIA Recognition Day, we honor all American Prisoners of War
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct , Resist , Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this and hopefully other things which he is looking at. In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General.....
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didnt someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn date, time, and place!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who dont want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts dont matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN!
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada - I love you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct , Resist , Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting and Also doing interview there with live on Big crowd, long lines. Will be great!
On my way to Las Vegas, Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight!
...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In Peace, and hopefully their families can have closure.
Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, North Carolina, are the first American remains from...
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister on his HUGE election victory in Japan. Im looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!
. is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
S,P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH Congratulations USA!
I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
....The thing thats lacking is we cant properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
We cant secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. Weve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges....
We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are, start looking - but also remember, our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!
Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called The Deep State. Very interesting indeed!
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
President Donald J. Trumps Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence
North Korea recommits to denuclearization - weve come a long way.
....it was impossible - and then already its over 4, and I expect its going to grow faster and faster. Were just getting started here. Peter Ferrara, former advisor to President Reagan.
The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trumps Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3, even though they said.....
....returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook.
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Andrzej Duda of Poland to the
Today, I took action to strengthen our Nations defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history, the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats!
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved!
...that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but thats what they do, and everybody knows it!
Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence and they are 100 correct. But dont be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting...
Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force!
.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers andor industrial workers are targeted!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
....campaign, which is unprecedented in our history. Congressman Peter King Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, theres going to be a disproportionate influence of the Fake Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
Today, as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today, and every day, we honor, cherish, and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers, Families, Students, Businesses, and Leaders...
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet!
It was my great honor to host todays Inaugural Meeting of the Presidents National Council for the American Worker in the Roosevelt Room! Read more
Happy Constitution Day!
Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 700pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but gag clauses prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act.
Immediately after Comeys firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page We need to Open the case weve been waiting on now while Andy McCabe, also fired is acting. Page answered, We need to lock in redacted. In a formal chargeable way. Soon. Wow, a conspiracy caught?
Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT. by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be Tariffed!
A lot of small , medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that werent during Pres. Obamas Watch. Peter Morici
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11 in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16 since the Election,
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Watch at 600 P.M. on Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with on This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 600 P.M. on A must see!
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not via
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we dont have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
While my our poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it werent for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller , the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
. of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Thank you Brock it is my honor!We have never had the support that we have had from this President. Administrator
Thank you
When President Obama said that he has been to 57 States, very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year!
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico how would they not know this?. This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria. The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, 3000 PEOPLE KILLED. They hired....
Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends.
The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else. The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.
They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70 of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU!
We love the - THANK YOU!
Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
Gina is Great!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Thank you
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you!
Thank you
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs , making products at home. If we meet, we meet?
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000...
Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High! And will continue to rise unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built.
.....It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI , DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. Others were leaking like mad in order to get the President! ........
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesnt have the aptitude or smarts , is a poor public speaker , nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. Ive made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
Tonight, it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE!
I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion. Richard Burr R-NC Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan. We are ready for the big one that is coming!
The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever , that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, its time to end this Witch Hunt. Russian collusion was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
Crazy Maxine Waters After we impeach Trump, well go after Mike Pence. Well get him. Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
....giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions..... Alan Dershowitz In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
You know whos at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever Breitbart via
17 years since September 11th!
Departing Washington, D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville, Pennsylvania with Melania.
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.
New Strzok-Page texts reveal Media Leak Strategy. So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.
We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump , Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI , DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies , Russians, incredible.
Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 247.
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
Was just briefed via phone by and along with Mike Pence and Chief of Staff, John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE!
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments Ambassadors, Executives, etc. of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you!
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4 GDP, stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our countrys history remember, its the economy stupid!, that the Democrats are flailing , lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. hits like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said its not true. Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.
Im taking this book with a grain of salt , everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously. Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner
The White House is a smooth running machine. We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our countrys history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems cant stand losing. Ill write the real book!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1 and going down, would have been minus 4 instead of up 4.2. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
The GDP Rate 4.2 is higher than the Unemployment Rate 3.9 for the first time in over 100 years!
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days...
...its commitment to denuclearize. This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump......
Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low. CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50 since Election!
If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs. CNBC. This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, whats happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream. Jason Chaffetz
Happy Anniversary!
So nice, thank you both!
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if Im all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe theyre just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they cant beat me in 2020!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, whats happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream. Jason Chaffetz
Our Social Media and beyond Stars, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!
So true! Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates. Nicholas Fandos,
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting!
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
To this point, President Trumps achievements are unprecedented.
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!
Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise
Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons Crazy Dems opposed. Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
The Woodward book is a scam. I dont talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
What was Nike thinking?
Thank you Montana, I love you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down , does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, , will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military , Vets!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate!
Are the investigative journalists of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight!
The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and theyre extraordinary! James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. Its the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, thats unnerving his detractors.
The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - , they dont know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices , maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims unwavering faith in President Trump. Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
Im draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Dont worry, we will win!
Does the so-called Senior Administration Official really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn himher over to government at once!
TREASON?
The Failing New York Times!
Today, it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the
Join me tomorrow night at 700pm MDT in Billings, Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here
Thank you General Mattis, book is boring , untrue!
Thank you General Kelly, book is total fiction!
Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. with SNAP work requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. Im tough as hell on people , if I werent, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody , everything-which is why I got elected!
Isnt it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Dont know why Washington politicians dont change libel laws?
Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book Fiction Product of Someones Rich Imagination via
The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions mentally retarded and a dumb southerner. I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said its time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, theyve been doing that from the day I announced for President. Theyve gone all out, and I WON, and now theyre going CRAZY!
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General Secretary of Defense James Mattis and General Chief of Staff John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
Statement from White House Sarah Sanders
Statement from White House Chief of Staff, General John Kelly
Statement from Secretary of Defense, James Mattis
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
Pledge to Americas Workers
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only....
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
Everyone in the path of please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe!
NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Dont let that happen!
According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. It wasnt about Trump, he wasnt even close to a candidate yet. Rigged Witch Hunt!
I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
The U.S. is respected again!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
....The fact is that AfricanAmerican unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called left is angry at him. So sad, but the center , right loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown , so many other greats, even more.......
There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons , Fusion GPS, , where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump. Bongino
No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele. Jesse Waters
....positions of power. Thats part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton , the FBI, , when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.
Theres no fairness here, if youre a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If youre connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller , Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
We shouldnt have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement Breitbart via
....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we dont make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely , we will be far better off...
....Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasnt even a hearing - that Donald Trumps 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasnt? This is the scandal here - a police state. Dan Bongino
You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clintons political opponent......
....of the DOJ , FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.
Report There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldnt hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isnt about Carter Page, its about the Trump Campaign. Youve got corruption at the DOJ , FBI. The leadership....
I love Canada, but theyve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system. Alan Dershowitz It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we dont make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely , we will be far better off..
Still cant believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The ABCWashington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
. just came out at 48 approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers
Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. Im picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!
Thank you Indiana, I love you!
Throwback Thursday!
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime , Borders, the 2nd Amendment, , loves our Military , Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
CNN is working frantically to find their source. Look hard because it doesnt exist. Whatever was left of CNNs credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indianas next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime , Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military , Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohrs wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
Ivanka Trump , Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called pushing out of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesnt exist-just a smooth running machine with changing parts!
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401ks rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesnt matter to them, they only have their hatred , agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
Whats going on at is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lacky is about to be fired? for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, , AT,T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the Greatest President for Black Americans via
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ , FBI in there, , if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her....
Ohr told the FBI it the Fake Dossier wasnt true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report. Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasnt Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, its FAKE NEWS!
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
...differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and Chinas great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.China trade disputes, and other...
...considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful! Witch Hunt!
Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation hopefully of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
When you see anonymous source, stop reading the story, it is fiction!
Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media. The fact is that many anonymous sources dont even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - theres no doubt about that!
The Obama people did something thats never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. Im beginning to think it is rotten , corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did. DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime , many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!
Hillary Clintons Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI , DOJ or, after all of their other missteps Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc., their credibility will be forever gone!
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised!
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
Report just out China hacked Hillary Clintons private Email Server. Are they sure it wasnt Russia just kidding!? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000
....results on Trump News are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google , others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can , cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for Trump News shows only the viewingreporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me , others, so that almost all stories , news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. RepublicanConservative , Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96 of....
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they dont say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.
....results on Trump News are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google , others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can , cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for Trump News shows only the viewingreporting of Fake New Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me , others, so that almost all stories , news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. RepublicanConservative , Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96 of...
VOTE FOR RON!
. Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the today!
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military , our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida....Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didnt want to say. Tiger wouldnt play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!
Thank you to the great perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Over 90 approval rating for your all time favorite I hope President within the Republican Party and 52 overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
...And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here!
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
The FBI looked at less than 1 of Crookeds Emails!
The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails. They purposely didnt look at the disasters. This news is just out.
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
. Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.
Jeff Sessions said he wouldnt allow politics to influence him only because he doesnt understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohens attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting out of which came nothing!. The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats!
Great in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients!
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii.
Thank you. I love you Ohio!
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were despite the UN Sanctions which are in place...
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Cant do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over classified information. Gee, this is small potatoes compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele , his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers , documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations. Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the other side including deleted Emails, Comey lies , leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr......
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
Target CEO raves about the Economy. This is the best consumer environment Ive seen in my career. A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, , when our Trade Deals are made, , cost cutting done, you havent seen anything yet!
...And according to Polls, would do even better today!
...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100 of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
. has helped me put America First! Shes strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts!
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the
NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
I have asked Secretary of State to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.
I have asked Secretary of State to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on by tomorrow from 600 A.M. to 900 A.M. Enjoy!
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!
Everyone in the path of please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and follow for updates. Be safe!
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. Justice took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to break - make up stories in order to get a deal. Such respect for a brave man!
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you dont retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon!
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 700pmE! Tickets
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders , 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military , our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! Thats not at all nice. No imagination!
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
Fake News, of which there is soooo much this time the very tired New Yorker falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesnt lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Partys California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes , Crime. He will Make California Great Again , make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign , do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy , Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful over Brennans Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED?
. is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment , potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military , Vets-has my total Endorsement!
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didnt happen. Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word apparently.
Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions Justice Department? A total joke!
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, its worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isnt because of the good job he did! He is a political hack.
I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our countrys history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He wont sue!
Wheres the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction of a phony crime that never existed. If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining peoples lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Muellers Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - , the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crookeds Emails!
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller , his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
The failing wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type RAT. But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didnt have to. I have nothing to hide......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Great Job Rachel Campos-Duffy on
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history , since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good , some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good , bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing , absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN , MSNBC, , yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or dont watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against RepublicanConservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we wont let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions...... Gregg Jarrett. So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never!
Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, its astonishing that hes still employed. Bruce , Nelly Ohrs bank account is getting fatter , fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesnt disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, its astonishingthat hes still employed. Bruce , Nelly Ohrs bank account is getting fatter , fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesnt disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed. Charles Payne How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
...I say Andrews was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomos statement, WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT or Hillary Clintons DEPLORABLES statement...
When a politician admits that Were not going to make America great again, there doesnt seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew choked badly, mistake!
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, , go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. poorly know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the worlds top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business jobs even better in the U.S. Stop quarterly reporting , go to a six month system, said one. That would allow greater flexibility , save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about Americas lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew chocked badly, mistake!
.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach...... Richard Burr R-NC Senate Intel Cmte Chair
Director Brennans recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennans statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didnt he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
....An incredibly corrupt FBI , DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, hes disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous. Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
How can Senator Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam, pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
. speaking of John Brennan How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place? Now that is a really good question! Then followed by Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero... So true, a total Fake!
Very concerned about Comeys firing, afraid they will be exposed, said Bruce Ohr. DOJs Emails , Notes show Bruce Ohrs connection to phony , discredited Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch. Catherine Herridge of In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr of the Justice Department , whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS. Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa!
Great meeting today at the
The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS plus 800 million dollars in losses , investment, or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low , business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!
Id strip the whole bunch of them. Theyre all corrupt. Theyve all abused their power. Theyve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.
Mark Levin When they had power they didnt stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians , are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election , trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.
WERE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT. Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
WERE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT. Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this. Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump, Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!
Chuck Schumer, I agree!
Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters!
The action the Strzok firing was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comeys skinny inner circle. Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the originators and founders of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
. won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally. Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally. Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine
Lou Dobbs This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated. Thank you Lou, so true!
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isnt this so-called probe ended immediately? Why arent these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!
They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didnt do. Gregg Jarrett on If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Bruce Ohr of the Justice Department can you believe he is still there is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele find dirt on Trump. Ohrs wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier.
Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didnt work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Lou Dobbs This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated. Thank you Lou, so true!
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors. Thank you Judicial Watch, I couldnt have said it better myself!
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok , his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media they didnt want interviews when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!
. called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I dont have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete , total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
Trumps foreign policy is actually boosting Americas standing
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history!
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES!
Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI , DOJ gets longer , longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio and failed presidential candidate hurt Troy Baldersons recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasichs Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
While I know its not presidential to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
...really bad things. Nasty to people , would constantly miss meetings , work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser , nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....
Seems like the Department of Justice and FBI had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President. If this had happened to the other side, everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
Many owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field, or better.
. Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger. Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, , perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A.
. Bob Mueller, isnt your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, , used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob, I really think its time for you to give up your phony investigation. No Collusion!
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you!
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon? Witch Hunt!
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steeles many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife, Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony , discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary , the DNC....
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now Im pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
.....Will the FBI ever recover its once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isnt the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they wont give up even one I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY. What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
.....Will the FBI ever recover its once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isnt the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they wont give up even one I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY. What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we cant make a deal!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Had a very good phone call with President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.
Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas , policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard , has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20 and Steel 50. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
.....Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their outrage at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love......
. No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later.
Jenna Ellis FBI thought they wouldnt get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.
Why didnt the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here? They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Space Force all the way!
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt andor conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier, FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton , the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.
RED WAVE!
Congratulations to of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support!
As long as I campaign andor support Senate and House candidates within reason, they will win! I LOVE the people, , they certainly seem to like the job Im doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why cant they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular, your favorite President!
5 for 5!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November cant come fast enough!
.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart, we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world.
Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman.
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!
California wildfires are being magnified , made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which arent allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we cant let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires, farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas. He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full , total Endorsement! Strong on Crime, Border , Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation. Dan Bongino on Looking forward to the new IG Report!
Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100 colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we cant let that happen!Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
...Why arent Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!
Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come,Tax them. If they dont want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth.....
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know its TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division , distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous , sick!
California wildfires are being magnified , made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which arent allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire spreading!
...Danny OConnor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohios 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Thank you Ohio. I love you!
Iran, and its economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesnt matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27 in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders , your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes by a lot. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border , loves our Military, Vets , 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosihigh taxes.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isnt easy to do. I like Mike!
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on Collusion with Russia only done by Dems. Will she now investigate herself?
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP, going to on and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldnt create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
The media are good news fire extinguishers!
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from overseas.
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person , great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
Pastor praises Trump as pro-black at prison reform event
Congratulations Marsha!
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night. He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you!
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman, See you all then! Tickets
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!
Working hard, thank you!
Wow, is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this ?, now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to foreign workers. He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime , borders , an inspiration to our Military , Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full , total endorsement!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word , starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Congratulations to on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton , Frame Donald Trump. Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. Its the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate ADP
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the
We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad? Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and Public Enemy Number One, or Paul Manafort, political operative , ReaganDole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didnt government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It wont go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation. ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
FBI Agent Peter Strzok on the Mueller team should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to........
We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad? Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Thank you Florida. I love you!
On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon!
Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008
...Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I dont care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
. has a Primary on August 21st. He doesnt need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line , has my Complete , Total Endorsement!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax , Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military , our Vets. Has my Full , Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesnt seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime, but that doesnt matter because there was No Collusion except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexicos murder rate in 2017 increased by 27 to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals!
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, Im for America First , the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I dont need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax , Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks , more. I made.....
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the Trump Administration gets great credit for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new Secretary, Robert Wilkie!
Thank you to for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!
...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new best-selling book, Liars, Leakers, and Liberals The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
. of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as Chief of Staff!
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister of Italy to the Join us at 200pmE for our joint press conference
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch , Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isnt Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity , real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty , contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI one day before appointment as S.C. , Comey is his close friend..
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
...accurately. 90 of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, its no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
I would be willing to shut down government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch , Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media , how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, Enemy of the People. Sad!
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST , WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote R
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael?
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!
Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director There is nobody that has done more for border security , public safety than President Trump. Ive worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration , President Trump, thats just a stone cold fact!
Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 700pmE for a Rally! Tickets
The only things the Democrats do well is Resist, which is their campaign slogan, and Obstruct. Cryin Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting forever to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could. Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful!
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions!
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1!
. of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
. who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...
...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam Taxi cabs maybe?. He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillarys lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets along with 53 million other people - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesnt waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do!
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back!
...called The Case Against Impeaching Trump, which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
. a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didnt vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
PROMISES KEPT!
Thank you and Granite City, Illinois!
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
This is great - on my way, see you soon Kim Reynolds!
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking forward to being with many great friends!
Twitter SHADOW BANNING prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70 to 30 victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!
Obviously the European Union, as represented by and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other!
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
Great meeting on Trade today with and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
Thank you very much, working hard!
Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant , successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever The U.S. will continue to promote around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous , peaceful. Great job, ,
The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens...
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated cut while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love , respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off? Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton , Frame Donald Trump is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldnt approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they wont!
Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER!
I want to thank the for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families.
Im very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely dont want Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement!
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. Its as simple as that - and everybodys talking! Remember, we are the piggy bank thats being robbed. All will be Great!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,as the saying goes, better late than never!
Showcase!
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, ICE and Borders. We need Lou!
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice!
....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive the paper loses a fortune lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their delivery boy for a BIG percentage of their packages....
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me always anonymous sources, that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!
.....Carter Page wasnt a spy, wasnt an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump. Tom Fitton A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly , falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
Tom Fitton on at 615 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
To Iranian President Rouhani NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE , DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didnt he do something about it? Why didnt he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, thats why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Happy Birthday
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
. on Source was the Fake Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign... ILLEGAL!
Andrew McCarthy - I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you. On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
Looking more , more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon surveillance for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Congratulations to and on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of Justice and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime , Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets , 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full , Total Endorsement!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesnt matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H., seems intent on damaging the Republican Partys chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the 16 Election never ends!
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyers office early in the morning - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of , perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - cant believe it! Isnt it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for seasonno pay!
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud , vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
So important. Should have been done years ago!
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50 since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad terrible Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275 on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due , we are raising rates - Really?
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic!
Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES
....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M.
Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES. Thank you to and for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they dont want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that Ill probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But Ill complain anyway!
The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs.
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband , father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!
Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!
Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. has my full and total endorsement!
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. Its called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4 growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the flood gates opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history. Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Thank you The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - whats he supposed to think?
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again bad for Russia. The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
Thank you you really get it! The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - whats he supposed think?
Will be interviewed on tonight at 9pmE and tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world.
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics.
As I said today and many times before, I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people. However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past as the worlds two largest nuclear powers, we must get along!
Thank you Helsinki, Finland!
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you!
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldnt happen, was no big deal, , did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present , future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong , rich!
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country but at some point, it will heal!
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasnt good enough that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Heading to Helsinki, Finland looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
There hasnt been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isnt the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didnt Obama do something about it? Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, thats why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesnt want to report the truth, as usual!
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones.
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that there was no way to 270 over , over again in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time they are dying in the ratings, to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta actually a nice guy. They didnt! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didnt they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
....Where is the DNC Server, and why didnt the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didnt they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
This is now changing - for the first time!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military , Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made!
Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6, its lowest level ever, from 4.9 in May.
Thank you
Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2 commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI LoverAgent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena , is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General?
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isnt nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europes borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI AgentLover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised! Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, dont Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europes protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2 of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it cant go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50 from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium...
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europes protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2 of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients dont pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit, and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesnt work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2 which is low, but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh.
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs , Barriers!
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court.
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great technology!
Pfizer , others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor , others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe , elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we dont believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed ,, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 900 P.M.
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90 of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2 commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1, the U.S. is at 4, and NATO benefits.......
They just didnt get it, but they do now!
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 900pmE tomorrow night at the An exceptional person will be chosen!
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships2015 222016 362017 142018 0Source
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S for one year , now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillarys illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta , so much more. Its a Democrat Con Job!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Counsel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia so ridiculous, that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation , that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, dont exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the Special Councel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia so ridiculous, that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation , that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign and others, colluded with Russia. They havent figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you!
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people OUT, and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of judges does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our........
Happy Birthday, America!
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up , they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men , women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - , we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES!
...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
Thank you, Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the Greenbrier Classic Salute to Service Dinner in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not bc they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7 in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big and bad is that?
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!
How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in ripping apart and demeaning and not properly funding our great Law Enforcement!
When we have an infestation of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and thats prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Just arrived in West Virginia!
Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not bc they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting anonymous sources that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their leadership wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law , Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by at 1000 A.M. on
When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I will be interviewed by on Sunday on at 1000 A. M. Enjoy!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin Chuck would do it on day one, but well never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, The Briefing Politics, the Press and the President. It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil , disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 , clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions.
Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief...
Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States!
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
....persecuted on old andor totally unrelated charges there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion...And what is going on in the FBI , DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. MuellerComey best friends!
Just watched on Said President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S. Thank you Greg, and youre looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on Brave and very smart, thank you Amy!
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didnt Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isnt HillaryRussia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterdays closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
...home addresses putting these selfless public servants in harms way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Just landed in North Dakota with and We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets!
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy.
Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country...
Harley-Davidson should stay 100 in America, with the people that got you your success. Ive done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We wont forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WONT LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS , SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS CRIME. WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and Im not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland!
A great First Lady!
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosis place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, hes out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy!
Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
The most profound question of our era Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy? Judge Andrew Napolitano
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it wont take very long!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they wont be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using TariffsTrade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced , unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....
Thank you South Carolina. Now lets get out tomorrow and VOTE for
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly!
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI , DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner D-VA, perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isnt this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
Director David Lynch Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original fighters, Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 700 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in its tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI although I do not legally have to, because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ , FBI arent giving over requested documents?
. has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows badly needs a paint job rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
. has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and dont care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
. is now whimpering to all that he did the famous hair show with me where he seriously messed up my hair, , that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have humanized me-he is taking heat. He called , said monster ratings. Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers , Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Democrats, fix the laws. Dont RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Thank you
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man!
Its very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Countrys economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families.
...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime and loves cutting taxes!
. Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith He is running against who is telling...
Drudge Report OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1 of Manufacturers have a positive outlook for their companies. This is the best number in the Associations history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
. Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others.
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. , its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20 Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all.
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones bc they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80 of Mexicos Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime , big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military , our Vets. He will be a Great Governor , has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmenwomen in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100 Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - , the Dems are Obstructionists who wont give votes for political reasons , because they dont care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more Rs!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy, which is fantastic. Go get it!
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20 Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including heart, without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they dont care about security and Rs do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They wont vote for anything!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
I REALLY DONT CARE, DO U? written on the back of Melanias jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you!
The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of TAX CUT package and what its done for our economy...
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and thats what they are - theyre extremist open border Democrats....
Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosis dream. It wont happen!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement!
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms. Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement!
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard , was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now hell take Crime!
We shouldnt be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM!
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL!
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with and his wonderful family!
Dont worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it!
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt!
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
More records!
FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias. Big News, but the Fake News doesnt want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
Its the Democrats fault, they wont give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them , to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU
Earlier today, Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the
Homeland Security did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete , nasty laws, which force family separation. We want heart and security in America!
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many, many decades...
THANK YOU
Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a Rally! Tickets
Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Democrats are the problem. They dont care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They cant win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you dont have Borders, you dont have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10 plus officials do not want to report these crimes since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!
I cant think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election! Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comeys best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
We dont want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why dont the Democrats give us the votes to fix the worlds worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
The highest level of bias Ive ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer. Trey Gowdy on the FBIs own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isnt it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security , Safety. Dont wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBIs sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry , Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that well stop Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesnt matter to them!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didnt look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isnt paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions , millions of lives!
Holding back the war games during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!
Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I met. Thats because thats all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, , more is being added in finals. Even got our hostagesremains!
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosensteins memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now. Witch Hunt!
Please clear up the Fake News!
Chuck Schumer said the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat. Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home , much more!
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the in Canada last week.
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the in Canada. They are once again, WRONG!
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos implying anger of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for!
Ive had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didnt know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch , Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
Donald Trump was 100 right to fire James Comey. Mark Levin
Why in the world didnt Barack Obama fire this guy Comey? asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated by far morning show, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe Ill have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent the Democrats had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton , Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that well stop candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesnt get any lower than that!
Happy
Happy 243rd Birthday to the Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you!
....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced and run out of town A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I wont settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak Comey classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
Congratulations to on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime , Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RVs are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have begged for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Countrys biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Dont underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
...realize the economy is the best its ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be punch-drunk. I guess he doesnt...
My political representatives didnt want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits , talking heads, people that couldnt do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - please meet, dont go to war. Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, you shouldnt meet, do not meet!
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea proves that real change is possible!
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce , engagement w the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security , prosperity for his citizens!
Its time for another rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 630pm!Tickets
Here is the video, A Story of Opportunity that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the
...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace!
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing...
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!
...realize the economy is the best its ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be punch-drunk. I guess he doesnt...
Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters , losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40 since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black , Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesnt matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong!
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
....Germany pays 1 slowly of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4 of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe which is good at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!. The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers , Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. guess they were bragging and got caught!. Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, US Tariffs were kind of insulting and he will not be pushed around. Very dishonest , weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270 on dairy!
Based on Justins false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
...Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades and that is long enough.
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
Just left the Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
. Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore!
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Wont be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesnt happen, we come out even better!
Canada charges the U.S. a 270 tariff on Dairy Products! They didnt tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we dont need his advice!
Why isnt the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers , companies. Take down your tariffs , barriers or we will more than match you!
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesnt bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300 on dairy hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister of Japan!
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. Were working hard to reduce our trade imbalance...
Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many...
Its my great honor to welcome Prime Minister back to the
$3 billion payoff 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts
Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this matter as Comey would call it. Investigate!
When will people start saying, thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?
Our Justice Department must not let Awan , Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a plea deal to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight and who doesnt have a clue, think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Lets face it, hes a Flake!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats plus working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Dont need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someones back. Not the way Justice should operate. So true!
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Dont need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someones back. Not the way Justice should operate. So true!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
Isnt it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade we have the worst trade deals ever made, then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea , the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!
Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years
Thank you to everyone at HQ for todays briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when its federally supported, state managed, and locally executed this is the successful model we will continue to build.
We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land!
Today we mark another milestone the 74th anniversary of the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell...
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just dont get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. and me for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!
Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senates August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, its like nothing else weve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. Theres nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent , corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
Imagine how much wasteful spending wed save if we didnt have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package weve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, 9 Rules of Engagement. Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
Senator of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyones support!
Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems cant get their act together! Started the Wall.
.... and Champion were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didnt tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem , more great music today at 300 P.M.
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
What is taking so long with the Inspector Generals Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
of American Greatness
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16 on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats , others continues into the mid-terms!
This is the best time EVER to look for a job. James Freeman of WSJ.
....We had Repeal , Replace done and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down , Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax , Regulation Cuts, Military , Vets, Lower Crime , Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy , Jobs EVER, and much more...
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Mark Penn Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost. A disgrace!
....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole , many others over the years, but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldnt have been hired!
As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldnt the FBI or Department of Justice have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped during my campaign? Should have told me!
Jesse Watters The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House. So true!
Mark Penn Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost. A disgrace!
When youre almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you cant lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
There was No Collusion with Russia except by the Democrats. When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special CounselJustice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Real is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead!
Very surprised that China would be doing this?
Now this is a record that will never be broken!
....$17 million spent, its a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people , gave $s to Crooked H. Dan Bongino
John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, hes a liar about being a liar. Dan Bongino on
John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. Hes a liar about being a liar.
We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are. Neil Irwin of the
There was No Collusion with Russia except by the Democrats. When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special CouncelJustice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard!
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber , Lumber in U.S.?
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 830 this morning.
Why arent they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but thats O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
FAIR TRADE!
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh DSouza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies Informants, into my campaign! Surveillance much?
Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RUSH LIMBAUGH If the FBI was so concerned, and if they werent targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign hoax, then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.
The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
The soon to be released book, The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump, written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very importantly, will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We cant take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island a place I know very well than who is strong on Borders , Crime, loves our Military , our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign into law!
With the Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise...
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the Legislation into law.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ABC does not tolerate comments like those made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didnt get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt estimated the crowd last night at 1000 people, when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who dont get me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, oh by the way Im not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and thats how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didnt you tell me before I picked you.....
Rep.Trey Gowdy, I dont think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the countrys....
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated , dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men , women WON, Im President!
Sorry, Ive got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating ClintonRussiaFBIJusticeObamaComeyLynch etc.
Why arent the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. Its a Rigged Witch Hunt, thats why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats plus people who worked 8 years for Obama working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans stay tough! are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasnt just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and scandalous. Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obamas term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. Hell Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts no chance. This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities...
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty...
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of Americas greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom.
We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system. Jonathan Turley on
Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable. Jonathan Turley
The President deserves some answers. in discussing SPYGATE.
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER , women in 18years, rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
Why didnt President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didnt want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Why didnt the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didnt the FBI take the Server from the DNC? Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN , WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Whos going to give back the young and beautiful lives and others that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
WELCOME HOME JOSH!
When will the 13 Angry Democrats , those who worked for President O, reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? Its been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI , Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that havent been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. , CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or Informants as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister but its not, all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didnt the crooked highest levels of the FBI or Justice contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem?
The Failing quotes a senior White House official, who doesnt exist, as saying even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed. WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldnt matter. The has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Thanks to very brave Teacher , Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 700 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals Iran and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they dont even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billionyear under O
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just wont let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
To the Class of 2018, I say We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS, you are WARRIORS, you are FIGHTERS, you are CHAMPIONS, and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.!
On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you!
Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH!
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time and talent will tell!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals , must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts , raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people. Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing partys campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an Informant who is paid a fortune and who sets up way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
Today, it was my great honor to present the to SEAL Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the Full ceremony
Today, it was my honor to sign the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act. Read more
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world...
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives!
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un.
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men , Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI!
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un.
Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 600 A.M. Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the now, lots of work to be done!
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work!
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance...
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union...
Thank you
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman!
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
Its clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign? Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasnt a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals!
It was my honor to welcome Cup Series Champion and his team to the yesterday!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the
. the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA? A very good question!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, hes worried about staying out of Jail. Dan Bongino
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the phony Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....
John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of Americans faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong , tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL FarmAgricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didnt President Obama , the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck , I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBIDOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now theyre looking at the rest of the World. Oh great!
....and why hasnt the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging except in the case of Democrats FBI? They broke into homes , offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Dont worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they arent looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton has done a long , boring story indicating that the Worlds most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia , me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee also, Senate Judiciary is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Happy to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - hell be the best Governor youve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Just met with UN Secretary-General Antnio Guterres who is working hard to Make the United Nations Great Again. When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. is doing a fantastic job!
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come!
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever...
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a hot Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Why isnt disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M under FBI investigation that they killed gave to McCabes wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, Animals. Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as Animals, a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didnt commit. David Asman Really bad stuff!
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them!
Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nations great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his countrys economy and unleashing its potential!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the Peoples Republic of China, Liu He.
Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel!
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and Haters, but thats the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT. Andrew McCarthy says, Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign. If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT. Andrew McCarthy says, Theres probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign. If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe!
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. Hes also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win!
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the
House votes today on ChoiceMISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...We have not seen Chinas demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
...havent even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box!
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they havent been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and on the great article - on WINNING!
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police HEROES 100!
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today!
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt there is no Collusion, I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on , Lead up to 900 A.M. eastern event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes , see what is really going on. This kind of sickness , hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, , successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Irans Military Budget is up more than 40 since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!
Why doesnt the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administrations Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT,T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done!
Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter!
Thank you Indiana!
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, , then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesnt really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME!
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages no longer at 200 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL missing, when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his guests will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 200 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date , Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs. His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart thinkers, and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy , all things else, 91 of the Network News about me is negative Fake. Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldnt we win?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the worlds leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the worlds most dangerous weapons....
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal
John Kerry cant get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 830. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into Americas bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 200pm.
National Prescription Drug numbers are in! Another record broken nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Lets keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerrys possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal. He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time to her Lover, Peter S, and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
The Great Revolt by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men , Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, its called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, cant win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Thank you Cleveland, Ohio!
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the It was so wonderful to be there!
Great book just out by very successful businessman Always known as somebody who knows how to win, Capitalist Comeback will be a big hit!
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the We will never fail, and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you, and God Bless America!
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history...
JUST OUT 3.9 Unemployment. 4 is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
Going to Dallas the GREAT State of Texas today. Leaving soon!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite sources which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably dont exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCarthy will be on tonight. 700 P.M. ,
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We wont forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work , is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the at the in the Rose Garden! Proclamation
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford Daniels. The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good great relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, The Light Within Me, which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!
This isnt some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States. John Dowd, March 2018. With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian Collusion.
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 Hercules cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations
A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal justice? At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
The questions are an intrusion into the Presidents Article 2 powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the Presidents unfettered power to fire anyone... Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion it is a Hoax and there is no Obstruction of Justice that is a setup , trap. What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the
Congratulations
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the Black Knights at the Congratulations!
Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were leaked to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going bonkers!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources who dont exist. They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they cant believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak , ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts.
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace HouseFreedom House, on the Border of North , South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy comedian totally bombed couldnt even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance. Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
Trumps Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy! Thank you Steve Hilton just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didnt work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really bombed. should host next year!
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldnt get in, I cherish you....and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 700pmE on
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Testers statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Clapper lied about fraudulent Dossier leaks to CNN FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against AdmiralDoctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm in fact they deny any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
I urge all Americans to participate in tomorrow! Lets come together and BEAT last Octobers record of disposed prescription pills! Visit to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day.
Just Out House Intelligence Committee Report released. No evidence that the Trump Campaign colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia. Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it lowest Black , Hispanic unemployment in history.
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people!
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey cant define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesnt understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. Hes either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w Canada , Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they dont support us including at the United Nations?
Loved being on this morning. Great show!
I will be interviewed on at 800 A.M. Enjoy!
MAGA!
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
. did a spectacular job hosting the President of France and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned. Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul.
Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome French President and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the We look forward to hosting them at tonights State Dinner, in their honor.
. has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship Unbreakable. History Shows Hes Right.
Arizona, please get out today and vote for Congress in Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister Our thoughts and prayers are with you all.
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the
. has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
Heres a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? Theres no there there. Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldnt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
A complete Witch Hunt!
I can die happy now with Trump Job performance, stated Mary Matalin. A great overall President, stunning! Thank you Mary.
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they wont - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we havent given up anything , they have agreed to denuclearization so great for World, site closure, , no more testing!
GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton. Good luck with that request!
At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information. Wall Street Journal
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as Mr. Magoo and Rod Rosenstein as Mr. Peepers. This is according to people with whom the president has spoken. There are no such people and dont know these characters...just more Fake , Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comeys Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch , others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he Rs counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you!
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 700pm! Tickets
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent sources and a drunkdrugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own accountlawyer who I have always liked , respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use....
....non-existent sources and a drunkdrugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own accountlawyer who I have always liked , respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
A message from Kim Jong Un North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.Also will Shut down a nuclear test site in the countrys Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests. Progress being made for all!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Can you believe that despite 93 bad stories from the Fake News Media should be getting good stories, today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Heres a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
So General Michael Flynns life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book that should never have been written. Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I dont think so!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe under the bus. Inspector Generals Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little lot of their own medicine?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two deputies HEROES who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good hopefully great people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are slow walking all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
. is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU and Keep up the GREAT work!
Just arrived Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM.
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy up to 400 National Guard Troops to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Browns charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against Californias illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. Californias dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
It was my great honor to host my friend and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you!
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon!
Prime Minister of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club.
Best wishes to Prime Minister and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
. Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION except by the Dems!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools but they know it!
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested , breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security , Safety NOW!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I dont like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesnt work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host
. Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
....Congress House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Todays Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
Welcome Prime Minister Abe!
Rasmussen just came out at 51 Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC NewsWashington Post, and they havent changed get new pollsters. Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her lied in Congress to Senator G, then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Just hit 50 in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, its hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack he is not smart!, will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many too many! lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His memos are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term Mission Accomplished. I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch under the bus! Why cant we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk give us all a break!
The big questions in Comeys badly reviewed book arent answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information jail, why did he lie to Congress jail, why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI why didnt they TAKE it, why the phony memos, McCabes $700,000 , more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling stupidly of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There wont be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words MADE IN THE USA!
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst botch jobs of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER , LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Americas greatest treasure is our people and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back!
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG!
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller Unlike the Clintons!. I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our Thank you America?
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 145 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live
Big show tonight on 900 P.M. on
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform
The is partnering with and to bring the Prescribed to Death Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake , Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all except Rosenstein who signed FISA , Comey letter. No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice and new and smart! You shouldnt be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction other than I fight back, so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton , Larry K on board. I we are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone Skype, hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia C story!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations!
Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Last night, it was my great honor to host Americas senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. Americas military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorneyclient privilege is dead!
Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Great meeting at the this morning!
The Democrats are not doing whats right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law!
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 12. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25. Does that sound like free or fair trade. No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal , a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources not names, many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true, just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources not names, many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true...just another hit job!
The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath..... and much more. So true Jesse!
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air , Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined well built building. Firemen and women did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why arent they giving the strongly requested documents unredacted to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The United States hasnt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations to on their new morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two good luck!
BET founder Trumps economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4. People are surprised, Im not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Thank you Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today!
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses!
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazons chief lobbyist, has another of many phony headlines, Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties. WRONG! Should read, Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive I.P. Theft. Typically bad reporting!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
Still Rising Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. Kings legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. Proclamation
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterdays Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great
When youre already $500 Billion DOWN, you cant lose!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico , Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTubes HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!
Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President Lithuania President and Latvia President to the Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence!
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs plus and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders dont have a clue or do they?!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50, which is higher than Cheatin Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you cant get a job at ratings challenged unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our Weak Laws Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The Fakers at CNN, NBC, ABC , CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
President Trumps approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obamas score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll. Via
39 of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico , Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day
An honor to host the Annual Easter Egg Roll!
So sad that the Department of Justice and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didnt care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents and ICE are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws dont allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large Caravans of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal Democrat laws like Catch , Release. Getting more dangerous. Caravans coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry Moonbeam Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include 1 Kidnapping and Robbery 2 Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize 3 Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want?
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a lobbyist and should so REGISTER. If the P.O. increased its parcel rates, Amazons shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion. This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs and taxes now!
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that the size of the companys lobbying staff has ballooned, and that...
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! Its time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state , local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy causing tremendous loss to the U.S., and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkins service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL!
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against Californias illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. Californias Sanctuary laws....
. just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Lets now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the Presidents Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis!
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Great news!
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
. just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, What Really Happened. Enjoy!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy
Happy National to our HEROES. We love you!
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed if for no other reason than they can bill more, which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...dont believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame , fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you but we will not!
Because of the $700 , $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs poison and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nations loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you
As a matter of National Security Ive signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, Im calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills!
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. 100 P.M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats not even mentioned in Bill and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS 1 No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign , Russia. 2 The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. 3 Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I am pleased to announce that, effective 4918, will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job , will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 49.
My honor Charlie - thank you!
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security. Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment.
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillarys large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesnt know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Dont threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didnt care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didnt have the smarts. Obama and Clinton tried, but didnt have the energy or chemistry remember RESET. PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory in past, Obama called him also. The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia and others is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice! So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them!
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
. on now! Great! 818 A.M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I dont believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...? He said strongly never, no. He lied as shown clearly on
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice , State.
Happy
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and its unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the ShamrockBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries some of them massive. P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesnt like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.negotiating, but they do...they almost all do...and thats how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic , Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way!
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of Americas children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland cant happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting!
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nations crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST , we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you for hosting this hearing!
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked andor slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America!
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!
If we dont have a wall system, were not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL , prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country , the people of our country. We must enforce our laws , protect our people!
Californias sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous , violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California!
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston to the
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support to put it mildly.
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low. They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 700pmE. Great crowd for a rally!
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel , Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers , tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that North Koreas leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled , amazed.They couldnt believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big , happy crowd why not, some of the best economic numbers ever. Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime , border. Loves 2nd A , VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
Spoke to PM of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we dont have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
Thats right Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. Its about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States Proclamation
Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States Proclamation
Great meeting with at the today!
Happy Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award
Looking forward to 330 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect , build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies , Leadership. Must WIN again!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies , leadership. Must win again!
Great couple, great book!
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that President Trump has the right to end DACA. President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didnt. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we dont have Stars anymore - except your President just kidding, of course!
We will see what happens!
We are getting it done - jobs and security!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come , go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change always seeking perfection. There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
Its March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just dont care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign with zero proof of wrongdoing long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies , jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new , fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, its time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars and more to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. Theyve gone CRAZY!
Happy National Anthem Day!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM!
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DONT HAVE STEEL, YOU DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V.
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country USA is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, dont trade anymore-we win big. Its easy!
Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
Good Great meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this Opioid Summit
Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000
Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Our Steel and Aluminum industries and many others have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
Many ideas, some good , some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God.
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957...
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of Gods grace.
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isnt the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64 of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. Were blown away, said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume , spectrum of issues.
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Such a beautiful map, thank you!
. of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasnt the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is Trumps Man in Texas. Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
American consumers are the most confident theyve been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
WITCH HUNT!
Weve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because hes exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just dont see it. Judge Ken Starr
Ive been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just dont see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, its all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have. Jonathan Turley on
Hes got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clintons criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that. on Show
I will be interviewed by on at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS 93 APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING Thank you!. 50 say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME funny!. 79 say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump starting to happen.
Dems are no longer talking DACA! Out of sight, out of mind, they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesnt care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Armed Educators and trusted people who work within a school love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept , have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big , very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history!
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States for a job well done!
Today, Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the Conference
Our nations motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham!
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem.
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride!
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
CPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
School shooting survivor says he quit Town Hall after refusing scripted question. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. Thats why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver!
On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Womens Hockey Team on winning the GOLD!
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 1130 A.M. to discuss School Safety. Next week it will be with our Nations Governors. Its been many years of all talk, no action. Well get it done!
What many people dont understand, or dont want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
....If a potential sicko shooter knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers and others who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards wont go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone wont work!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police , first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teacherscoaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A gun free school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said give teachers guns like was stated on Fake News , What I said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20 of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session
. Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry.
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor.
Question If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true, thank you!
Bad ratings , got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses.
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesnt report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only so reported...doesnt fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
A woman I dont know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her for two minutes yet in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new pushed Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Dont let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes , waste money!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. Youve come a long way Matt!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, Rs want to fix!
....The President Obama quote just before election. Thats because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didnt want to rock the boat. When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig Americas elections, theres no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so Id invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes. .....
Thank you to for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
The Faith of Donald Trump, a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations , Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
. has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to and has my full support and endorsement!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didnt he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, Presidents Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN.
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasnt I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. The Russian hoax was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle Adam Schiff, the leakin monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they dont want to solve the DACA problem, why didnt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House , Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didnt want to, and now they just talk!
I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was NOT the main goal.Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman!
Funny how the Fake News Media doesnt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didnt know!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
Charges Deal Don A Big Win, written by Michael Goodwin of the succinctly states that the Russians had no impact on the election results. There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, wone heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims , their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders , medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger We THANK YOU for your courage!
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida
...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. says it would be the end of immigration enforcement in America. It creates a giant amnesty including for dangerous criminals, doesnt build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...
In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need.
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore Americas depleted infrastructure.
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldnt it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
The journey to began 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Just spoke to to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong , smart, loves Pennsylvania , loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus andor Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut , Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesnt want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
....agencies, not just the FBI , DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I dont believe were accurate...he leaked information corrupt. Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on
My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the ClintonDNC Dossier, it shows that hes been victimized. Hes been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the a Russian sold phony secrets on Trump to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing , understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods and more, would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a paper trail on a private meeting in London he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.
As long as we open our eyes to Gods grace - and open our hearts to Gods love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations.
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 145pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares IN GOD WE TRUST. And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are One Nation Under God.
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration!
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the old days, when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good great news about the economy!
Congratulations and on the successful launch. This achievement, along with commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan!
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system. Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security.
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration , cancels the visa lottery. If Ds oppose this deal, they arent serious about DACA-they just want open borders.
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken.
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to for exposing the truth. Perhaps thats why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work theyve done!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasnt straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators. Wall Street Journal
The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates Trump in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead. This is an American disgrace!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain sacred cows. Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of and at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Fact sheet
Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats disgust
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start!Unemployment rate at 4.1.Average earnings up 2.9 in the last year.200,000 new American jobs.
You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team. Tom Fitton, JW
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank , File are great people!
The Democrats just arent calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or theyll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in 18.
Join me live for the
Congratulations to Americas new Secretary of Alex Azar!
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety , Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients , a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons 1 Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. 2 To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve Never Again!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of catch , release and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety , Security reasons.
Thank you for the wonderful welcome
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on Americas economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.!
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland!
Great bilateral meeting with President of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland!
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions!
Will be interviewed on by coming up at 600amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy!
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of who lost their lives in our Nations eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential.
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland!
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities.
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayors from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity!
Earlier today, I spoke with of Kentucky regarding yesterdays shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok? Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans , Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost. Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
End the Democrats Obstruction!
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They dont want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on for grading year one of my presidency with an A-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51 Nuclear Option and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.s!
Eric Trump on on now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, , ISIS, Judicial Strength , Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women , ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Cant let that happen!
FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on Crime and Border, and even better to our Military , Veterans!
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present.
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety , Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with McConnell and Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual You are living witnesses of this years March for Life theme
Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I dont know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?Sen. Dianne Feinstein D-Calif
. Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape Americas destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before!
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election March 13. Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is peanuts compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we cant overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers!
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA!
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history the presentation of Congress highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole.
Eric Trump on now!
....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based.
New report from DOJ , DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even much better!
90 of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative -and much of it contrived!
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals cant get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST , MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida Honestly, I dont think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they dont want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they dont want to. They dont want security at the border, they dont want.....
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible among many other things. President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline. Thank you Stuart Varney.
President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that weve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats dont really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un of N. Korea. Obviously I didnt say that. I said Id have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un, a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
So much Fake News is being reported. They dont even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
I dont believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. Michigan from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. Kings life and legacy.
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said take them out. Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten shutdown, but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain , Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for peanuts, only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery , Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for TrumpPence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees!
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.
Yesterday, I signed the H.R. 2142 with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States!
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS , JOBS ACT!
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and todays vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
45 year low in illegal immigration this year.
House votes on controversial FISA ACT today. This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66 of people feel the economy is Excellent or Good. That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election? Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails? What a mess!
Good news Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUVs a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy!
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference
I want to thank my for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, , yet on and on it goes. Russia , the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between TrumpRussia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case such as DACA always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
. HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 247365 to keep fellow Americans SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!
Thank you Kevin McCarthy! Couldnt agree wyou more. TOGETHER, we are
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve!
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for todays very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA.
It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act, which redesignates the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park.
On behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must support the men and women in blue!
We are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG. We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also!
In every decision we make, we are honoring Americas PROUD FARMING LEGACY. Years of crushing taxes, crippling regs, , corrupt politics left our communities hurting, our economy stagnant, , millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN. But they are not forgotten ANYMORE!
We have been working every day to DELIVER for Americas Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US.
Cant wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American Federations Annual Convention in Nashville! my way now - join me LIVE at 400pmE
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!
...Clinton in the WH, doubling down on Barack Obamas failed policies, washes away any doubts that America made the right choice. This was truly a change election and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching , necessary. Thank you Michael Goodwin!
His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trumps accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt , biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and importance of, these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated!
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
Ive had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security , the desperately needed Wall, the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem, Infrastructure, Military, Budget, Trade and DACA.
....to President of the United States on my first try. I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that!
....Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star.....
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
Brian Ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points billions of dollars, was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity. He is no longer allowed to report on Trump. Should have been fired!
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post of all places, headline states, Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book. He used Sloppy Steve Bannon, who cried when he got fired and begged for his job. Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone. Too bad!
Good idea Rand!
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon. Smart!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBIRussia, the Fake News Media Mainstream and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming...but the people know! Can you imagine if O was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! Dow now over 25,000.
I authorized Zero access to White House actually turned him down many times for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that dont exist. Look at this guys past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration , cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe , unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
So beautiful....Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel!
With all of the failed experts weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasnt firm, strong and willing to commit our total might against the North. Fools, but talks are a good thing!
As Americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do.....except when it comes to the most important thing, VOTING for the people that run your country. Push hard for Voter Identification!
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just short of 25,000, a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration. Also, unemployment went down to 4.1. Only getting better!
Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trumps tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2,000, increases in 401k matches and spending on charity, a much higher number than previously known.
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson, a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints...
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government. You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time!
President Trump has something now he didnt have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year. Show,David Asman , Ed Rollins
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST , CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 500 oclock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty , Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media. Stay tuned!
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times. Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger , more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but Israel, for that, would have had to pay more. But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace, why should we make any of these massive future payments to them?
Its not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They dont even want to negotiate a long overdue...
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous supporter, and I will never forget the beyond kind statements he has made about me as President. He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate!
We will not rest until all of Americas GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. Keep up the great work
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics. DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems, will start falling in love with Republicans and their President! We are about RESULTS.
....impartial journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent sources, and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY, so that the next time I and the people win, you wont have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done! GL
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher, A.G. Sulzberger. Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder, Adolph Ochs, to give the news impartially, without fear or FAVOR, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved. Get...
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation. Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017, the best and safest year on record!
Sanctions and other pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea. Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea. Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time. Perhaps that is good news, perhaps not - we will see!
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more , more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL!
Crooked Hillary Clintons top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey , others
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their pockets. The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
Will be leaving Florida for Washington D.C. today at 400 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food , for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies , deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
What a year its been, and were just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!!
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all!
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts , more?
If the Dems Crooked Hillary got elected, your stocks would be down 50 from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning!
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Trump Rally Stocks put 2017 in the record books
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair press, now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever. Many stories , reports a pure fiction!
On Taxes This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs. Report
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching!
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Irans people are what their leaders fear the most....
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regimes corruption , its squandering of the nations wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their peoples rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching!
The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration , ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage , Russia hoax!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Years Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Ive been saying it for a long, long time.
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
Retail sales are at record numbers. Weve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you havent seen anything yet!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St Jamess , a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief , begging for forgiveness!
Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83 Under Trump
On 120 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 1221, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles..
Just left West Palm Beach Fire , Rescue Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
On 120 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 1221, the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles... via
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
WOW, Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT after all of this time VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIATRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED. And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals over time ObamaCare, the Democrats , Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow its back to work in order to Make America Great Again which is happening faster than anyone anticipated!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
The Tax CutReform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Dont let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. Andrew McCabe, in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M Clinton Puppet, he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a Trumper, and he lost. Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Wow, FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned, according to
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails be given $700,000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
95 of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes mostly far less. The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals broke Harry Trumans Record, Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS , REFORM, Record EconomyStock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long , beautiful list.
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!
So true!
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of love - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, dont let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to congratulate on having done a fantastic job both strategically , politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT , Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate ObamaCareRepealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 100 P.M.
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
A story in the that I was close to rescinding the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources dont exist!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world....
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B!
So true Ivanka!
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country!
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities...
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways and more crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose for very different reasons, and they did. I also predicted I would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well!
More than a century after conquering flight, the continue to motivate , inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration , innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the now.
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away...
WEEKLY ADDRESS
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS!
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, Let Trump Be Trump. Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you!
DOW, S,P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs!
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One HMX-1 at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia. I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you!
You are always there for us THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.Thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA!
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS!
It was my honor. THANK YOU!
Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest Outlook Survey
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.Today, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, , prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, , no goal beyond our reach. We are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators , inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, , who never, ever give up...
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, , devastated entire industries.
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last nights election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90 of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke!
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange and his numbers went up mightily, is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Wishing all of those celebrating around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love.
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS looking good.
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a PelosiSchumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago and would do anything for them, is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill , Crooked-USED!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I dont know andor have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Another false story, this time in the Failing that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the dumbest man on television! Bad Reporting.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans not for criminal aliens!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY! Congratulations!
. of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE fraud? showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed as shown also on T.V.. FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
. put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived the venue, w thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology , retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo!
Have a great game today, and - I will be watching. We love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service!
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum , the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past , dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice , peace.
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
CNNS slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News who should be immediately fired for his mistake. Watch to see if fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We cant have a PelosiSchumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get whats going on. Thank you Pensacola!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEFS TROPHY last time was 1996. Wow! Congratulations!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD!
This is your land, this is your home, and its your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change youve been waiting for your entire life!MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida!
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on in 10 minutes!
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon!
The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7, the lowest ever recorded...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The PelosiSchumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100 of the time. Hes bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns , Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didnt!
Tonight, Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the and wish them all a very
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by Americas friends and foes alikeREMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 1271941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice.
Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBORand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America.
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - A day that will live in infamy! December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good.
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem...
Join me live from the via
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of Californias wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utahs MAGNIFICENT Capitol.It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...
A must watch Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting PelosiSchumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders..., so much more. Look at your 401-ks since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a PelosiSchumer Puppet!
Report ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of News he has been suspended, should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation and more, running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted no, very dishonest? FBI agents role in Clinton probe under review. Led Clinton Email probe. Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco!
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and papers should do the same with their Fake News!
Many people in our Country are asking what the Justice Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Great job First Lady Melania!
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history...
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to Mitch McConnell and Chairman for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas!
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACTThe enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! Hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, I call the final shots we work well together and America is highly respected again!
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The SchumerPelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of Gods love for all of humanity.Whatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life...
Today is a day that Ive been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. Now, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the Bahrain and the United States are important partners.During the Crown Princes visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16s...
Thank you Lets continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time another all-time Record. If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50 from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be low and glum!
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
Theresa dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
The Failing has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!
The Failing the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
Had the information Crooked Hillarys emails been released there would have been harm to National Security....Charles McCulloughFmr Intel Comm Inspector General
The only people who dont like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that dont understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations? against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW!
. dont focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY and RECLAIM AMERICAS DESTINY.But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS and bring Main Street roaring back to life!
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY!
This week, the Senate can join the House , take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY!
Departing for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9 in Q3.Stock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear!
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. But when will the top executives at NBC , Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lacks past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me my policies!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time!
. we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. Emails endangered National Security. Why arent our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged , corrupt?
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
After North Korea missile launch, its more important than ever to fund our govt , military! Dems shouldnt hold troop funding hostage for amnesty , illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They cant now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...
Dow, S,P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS!
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with Mitch McConnell, and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis.
Statement from President Donald J. Trump on
Meeting with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I dont see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that if you run, you will win. She would tell everyone that, no doubt, he will win. I also felt I would win or I would not have run - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Thank you Rand!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt andor distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President me. They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country. Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. Cant let SchumerPelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a SchumerPelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you.
. is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of Fake news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal about what a complete disaster the has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy great day to support your community and Americas JOB creators by shopping locally at a
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named Man Person of the Year, like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf quickly with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars 6 trillion, to be there in the first place!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss!
Two great people!
A great guy with great ratings!
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal , Replace right after Tax Cuts!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 900 A.M. Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey , Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years AAA. Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!
The is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved.
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida Mar-a-Lago. Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
Another Crooked Hillary Fan!
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. Thats almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. Its a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasnt the White House, it wasnt the State Department, it wasnt father LaVars so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor mans version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobblers Rest...
President Donald J. Trump and Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House.
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4. Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and
Marshawn Lynch of the NFLs Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be 5-10 years in jail, but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flakey, who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona quit race, anemic polls was caught purposely on mike saying bad things about your favorite President. Hell be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast.
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst and biggest loser of all time. She just cant stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 20162017 at the
Together, were going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and were going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, and many other gangs...Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, well really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 , 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year!
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, well see what happens!
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say Youre welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business jobs? The reason Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive or dumb the Failing is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you!
Thank you, working hard!
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
. will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships , benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
THANK YOU ASIA!
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But likes to say were in the 30s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50s. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be making a major statement from the upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!
I am proud of the Rep. House , Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes , reform. Were getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair , highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare , reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35 wall of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs , work in order to My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!
Thank you!
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me old, when I would NEVER call him short and fat? Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you!
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength.
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength.
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today.
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security.
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people.
Throughout my travels, Ive had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. Ive had the honor of sharing our vision for a free , open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign , independent nations, wdiverse cultures , many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side.
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at
I am leaving China for in Vietnam. Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
I dont blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100s of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I wouldve done same!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China.
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display!
Congratulations to all of the DEPLORABLES and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE 304-227 Electoral College landslide victory!
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! Melania and I will never forget it!
NoKo has interpreted Americas past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US.
On behalf of Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theForbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer.
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear , ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, , commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. Its broken all of those commitments...
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and theyre spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength!
Join me LIVE in South Korea
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Dont forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Natl Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected , disposed. We can do this!
Franklin, such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father,
. will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. Hes weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment....
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered.
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea.
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military , energy orders happening!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
...Americans do what we do best we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong...
May God be w the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI , law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.
I am landing shortly. Cant wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon!
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 4.1, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
Thank you to our GREAT MilitaryVeterans and Remember the day Ill never forget.
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w now.
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great MilitaryVeterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam , the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS much harder over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was their soldier. .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI , Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna Bs new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC , then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry. At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department and FBI isnt looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary , the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by on at 1000. Enjoy!
The opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comeys leadership was a disaster!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the
Broadcoms move to America$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3 BILLIONyr. in researchengineering , $6 BILLIONyr. in manufacturing.
Today, we are thrilled to welcome CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQs from Singapore back to the U.S.A.....
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE!
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security.
Congratulations to the Houston 2017 Champions
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person!
Happy birthday to a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE!
...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to McConnell and the we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally!
...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack.
Just spoke with and de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones.
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldnt it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher and smarter.
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the Diversity Visa Lottery Program, a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard and late toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTIONUp7.8 past year. Down31.5 last 10 years.
Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August Read more
Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 Read more
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!
Thank you
Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business jobs and the Middle Class in addition to Democrat corruption!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he...
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why arent Crooked Hillary , the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 really? from DNC. Nobody knows who OKd!
All of this Russia talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts , Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by DemocratsClinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
...collusion, which doesnt exist. The Dems are using this terrible and bad for our country Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the Rs...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony TrumpRussia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER , UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier now $12,000,000?,....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up the Dems own it, but we will Repeal , Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 247365!
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL other than the names and...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the by participating!
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press Fake News. Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday 3.0 despite the big hurricane hits. Best consecutive Qs in years!
WHAT HAPPENEDHow Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia WE KNOW!
Happy Birthday
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....
. Chris Wallace More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love.
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Happy birthday to the great You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good luck to on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you Really great job and show!
Wacky , totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this , free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse.
Effective today, my administration officially declared the a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law.
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesnt even show up to meetingswork, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statuesheritage!
Will be another Sean success!
Together, we will Make America Great Again!
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! Read more
Interview with coming up at 7pmE on Enjoy!
Texas , Lt. Gov. you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work!
The long anticipated release of the will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi , Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo , trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on
Congrats to Priebus, a really good and talented man. Were proud of you Reince!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jeff Flake, with an 18 approval rating in Arizona, said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business , JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt , wounded!
Clinton campaign , DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President.
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day Read more
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, , look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesnt have a clue as.....
Isnt it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldnt get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal , couldnt get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation.
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag , Country. No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401k. This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46 OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action , vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 1000 A.M. on - ENJOY!
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is important we will also get HealthCare, but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Just out, but lightly reported Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market Lowest since March 1973.
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC , CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited Dossier plead the Fifth. Justice Department andor FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesnt spent much time on this!
People get what is going on!
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out, A Place Called Heaven, by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today
Today, it was an honor to have at the Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do!
Thank you Agree!
Just out report United Kingdom crime rises 13 annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror. Not good, we must keep America safe!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts and Reform, which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul he will vote for Tax Cuts voting against.....
Great news on the 2018 budget McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people!
Big ratings getter and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman WilsonD, who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100!ISIS is losing its grip...Army Colonel Ryan DillonCJTFOIR
It was great to have Governor of us at the today. We are with you!
. Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems or all?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesnt want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
46 of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump , his Administration. It is actually much worse than this!
. , you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard!
20,00021,00022,000 23,000this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year...
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about!
. Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance wthe nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits..Amb.
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the today.
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and team. We support you!
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers , harmful to job-creators. Americans need More
I am supportive of Lamar as a person , also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins cos who have made a fortune w OCare.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and I have proof. Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didnt do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD.
Thank you This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry , renew the AMERICAN DREAM!
WOW!
BORDER WALL prototypes underway!
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be and Fiction writers!
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today!
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 130pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece.
Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Intl Airport!
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, I hope so!
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25, unemployment is at a 17 year low , companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. Thats all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesnt know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cutreform bill and live with themselves!
...approvals of The Keystone XL , Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations , our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP , The Paris Accord , the fast....
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Such a wonderful statement from the great We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history.
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums , deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart , deal!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon.
Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004
In America, we dont worship government - we worship God.
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the Hs. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS!
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting FakeNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even
Happy
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES , that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA!
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE!
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military , the First Responders, who have been amazing under the most difficult circumstances in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Clips from tax speech and on now. Have a great day!
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love.
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Joining tonight at 9pmE on Enjoy!
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families , that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America
I will be interviewed tonight on by at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 545pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sundays tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake made up a story that I wanted a tenfold increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases , soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history , the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds.
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25 increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with today!
The Failing set Liddle Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and thats what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, The Art of the Donald, Lessons from Americas.... Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have tanked, in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress cant get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats dont want secure borders,they dont care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
We have just begun!
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag.Stand for Anthem or sit for game!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as
The trip by Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars , getting nothing. Policy didnt work!
The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters..... Thank you!
Nobody could have done what Ive done for with so little appreciation. So much work!
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, , thats about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax CutsReform, we need people that can get the job done!
FEMA and first responders are working hard yet again on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and Karen.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didnt have the guts to run!
..my endorsement. He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said NO THANKS. He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said NO and he dropped out said he could not win without...
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support!
...hasnt worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy!
Our great team at is prepared for Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities , be safe!
. is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans and me should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very unfunny , repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Cant believe I finally got a good story in the It discusses the enthusiasm of Trump voters through campaign....
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs , sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isnt the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders HEROES who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night.
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS!
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and Pence. It is They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor , his team. Great progress being made!
It is a miracle how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of Military, and First Responders! Thank you!
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the He is very thankful for the great job done by and First Responders.
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Congratulations to your great victory!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasnt worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I wont fail.
...Save your energy Rex, well do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
Because of my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB!
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist , support the people in their time of great need.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
...... critics are working overtime, but were getting great marks from the people that truly matter!
My Administration, Governor and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto RicoDo not believe the
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first Rs. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands people working hard.
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to get Trump. Not fair to FR or effort!
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 247365!
Join me for my
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
Thank you An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017.
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future.
RECORD HIGH FOR S , P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military , all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated The Administration and the President, every time weve spoken, theyve delivered......
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said great job!
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA , First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food , water delivered. Docks , electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Welcome back
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Democrats dont want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS!
This is the right TAX CUT the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed , grow TOGETHER as one team, one people, , one American family.
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, , were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital , very positive signs from Alaska and two others McCain is out, we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back , ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back , ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem!
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then , now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team and their families. Keep up the GREAT work!
It was an honor to welcome President of Spain. Thank you for standing w us in our efforts to isolate the brutal regime.
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month.
Americas hearts , prayers are with the people of , the We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER!
Heading over to the to meet with Ambassador and all of her great representatives!
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today!
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you cant kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water thereon way
Great interview on with the parents of Otto Warmbier 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for Big Luther.
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime , border - will never let you down!
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing , Replacing OCare. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk!
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well.
...Its old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas , Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure , massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.
General John Kelly totally agrees w my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
. is Just reported COS John Kelly was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts , reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total. These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They wont put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal , Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag , Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they wont be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a moment of courage. Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116 increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady She is a truly great representative for our country!
...our Great American Flag or Country and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOURE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200 plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control , management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116 increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal , Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media screaming for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues, now its ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Thank you!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesnt mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever future political campaigns be known as the Republican who saved ObamaCare.
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.Stay tuned!
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today.
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning!
Governor We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe!
Senator Doctor Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Healthcare, he doesnt lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He wont let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal , Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like Big Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders , trade, loves Vets , Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year.
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges , opportunities facing our nations today.
Honored to meet w Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority , his delegation, who have been working hard weverybody involved toward peace.
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting Big Luther Strange because he was so loyal , helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal , Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Thank you - great show!
The world is noticing, thanks!
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State Bill C also, Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Jacob!
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the DEPLORABLES.
So nice, thank you!
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put remarks
Thehas great strength , patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 1000 A.M.
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon!
It was a great honor to be with President of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting!
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM join us w his delegation in NYC this afternoon.
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG , his call for the UN to focus more on people , less on bureaucracy.
Happy 70th Birthday
Happy 70th Birthday
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it.
My great honor!
Thank you!
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. Big Luther is a great guy who gets things done!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE!
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont
Our hearts , prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack....
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.Proclamation
Frank FX Giaccio-On behalf of Melania , myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! gives you an A!
WEEKLY ADDRESS
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming. People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive , nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off , use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Cant get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA-Just like TX, WE are wyou today, we are wyou tomorrow, , we will be wyou EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, , REBUILD!
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!Emergency Information 1-800-342-3557 1-800-FL-HELP-1
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But dont worry, I will veto because I love our country , its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. , its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days bc of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The deplorables came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders , others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut , Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the today!
Congratulations to Eric , Lara on the birth of their son, Eric Luke Trump this morning!
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me , have zero access. NEWS!
May God Forever Bless the United States of America.
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of youre in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...theres not many hours left. Gov. Scott
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storms path to heed ALL instructions from government officials.
FLORIDA- Visit to find shelters, road closures, , evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey just like others.
A message to my fellow Americans
Republicans must start the Tax ReformTax Cut legislation ASAP. Dont wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 vs. 51 votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but Ive been hearing about Repeal , Replace for 7 years, didnt happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. Im proud to stand with Presidents for
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of to heed the advice and orders of local , state officials!
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab , Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies..
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE!
Welcome to the Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon
For all of those DACA that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Thank you, our great honor!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe!
We want our companies to hire , grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, , to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities , towns!
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, , re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth..
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. Lt. Gov. ,
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men , women the Andeavor Refinery. Full remarks
Just spoke w Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands , Ricardo Rossell of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W YOU ALL!
President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA something the Obama Administration was unable to do. If they cant, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w Ds Rs in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan , South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w , the
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day by Presidential Proclamation!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation , coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS , GOD BLESS THE USA
TEXAS We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD!
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with Melania right now We will see you soon. America is with you!
On behalf of Melania , myself, THANK YOU for todays update , GREAT WORK! ,
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men , women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men , women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you!
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage , devotion has saved countless lives they represent the very best of America!
Texas , Louisiana We are w you today, we are w you tomorrow, , we will be w you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, , REBUILD!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is
After witnessing first hand the horror , devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
. We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Dont need many of them - reduce size of government.
Leaving now for Texas!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting tele-conference at 1100 A.M. on Even experts have said theyve never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA worst trade deal ever made renegotiation process with Mexico , Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursementother.
Wow - Now experts are calling a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in 16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst stormhurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended!
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with relief in Texas!
Closely monitoring from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
. - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before So far, so good!
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe.
We will remain fully engaged w open lines of communication as makes landfall. America is w you!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Class 3. 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of to heed the advice , orders of their local and state officials.
Received a briefing this morning from Acting Secretary Elaine Duke, and COS John Kelly.
I have spoken w of Texas and Edwards. Closely monitoring developments , here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in 18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, Retaking America Best things of this presidency arent reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever.
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Dont believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans dont get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51 majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America!
As intensifies - remember to
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men , women of , Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect , cherish you!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal , Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
..enthusiastic, dynamic and fun and the American Legion - V.A. respectful and strong. Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan somber, the big Rally.....
...enthusiastic, dynamic and fun and the American Legion - V.A. respectful and strong.To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan somber, the big Rally.....
...didnt do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up as usual on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M , Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill which just passed for easy approval. They...
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
...enthusiastic, dynamic and fun and the American Legion - V.A. respectful and strong. To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL!
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement , Modernization Act into law w
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer!
If Republican Senate doesnt get rid of the Filibuster Rule , go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didnt cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime , border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona , around the United States!
We will push onward to victory whope in our hearts, courage in our souls , everlasting pride in each , every one of you. God Bless America.
See you at 700 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona!
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard the and their families.
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Address to the NationFull Video , Transcript
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad.
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia.
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control!
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts , prayers are w our sailors aboard the where search , rescue efforts are underway.
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, , we will heal, , be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, , we will heel, , be stronger than ever before!
My thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones. We are with you!
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act The bill authorizes....cont
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military!
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military which we are rapidly building to strongest ever.
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert , closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough , strong, we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
...cant change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - whos next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. Hes toxic!
The public is learning even more so how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just cant forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis , white supremacists......
THANK YOU for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks
Join me at 700 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council , Strategy , Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall , Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
Congratulations John!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didnt want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on at 715. Tough on crime, borders etc.
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House , Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
. Pharma is a leader in higher , higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back , LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from Presidents Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us or not fixed some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border , Wall, the military, tax cuts , law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military.
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families , fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. Youre all among the best this nation produces.
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able.
We must remember this truth No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST.
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey
Am in Bedminster for meetings , press conference on V.A. , all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united , condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey.
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed , thrive as the economy grows!
Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism via Bloomberg
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are....
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
Trump approval rebounds to 45, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men
. will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting womens entrepreneurship globally.
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal , Replace, Tax Reform , Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal , Replace for 7 years, couldnt get it done. Must Repeal , Replace ObamaCare!
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had excessive expectations, but I dont think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal , Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Dont believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the ClintonLynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough , decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 300 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability and non-existent sources, remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Councils 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
On thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION!
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 247 News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES , WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation , so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger , stronger than ever before despite some phony Fake News polling. Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win apologized, is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months S.C., surging economy , jobs,border , military security,ISIS , MS-13 etc.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
Thank you Nicole!
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
Under Trump, gains against have dramatically accelerated
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first.
Great work being done by wstate , local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future!
No matter the mission, the brave men , women of our proudly answer the call to serve 247365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation busting to come. Working hard on tax cuts , reform!
....and dont forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plantplants in Wisconsin.
Toyota , Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together wone simple goal to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 700pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in!
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using - available at
Today, I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS!
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time , very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that cant even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business , jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesnt just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings homes I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers , taxpayers. Watch
Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a heros welcome
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above , beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, , OUR FREEDOM!
Small business owners are the DREAMERS , INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!Read more and watch here
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media 110 million people. Only way for me to get the truth out!
Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now. Thank you Stuart Varney Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high again 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C. No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, , it is, why shouldnt it hurt the insurance companies , why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Dont give up Republican Senators, the World is watching Repeal , Replace...and go to 51 votes nuke option, get Cross State Lines , more.
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most dont exist. News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal , Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20 since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of talking Repeal , Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at Rs. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kates Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they dont go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing Rs in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. ITS TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military , low oil prices. Witch Hunt!
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named GeneralSecretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from gang members. We will not rest until is eradicated.
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! Pennsylvania
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills , budgets need 60 votes....
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nations highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES!
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA.
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
...about then candidate Trump. Catherine Herridge So why doesnt Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Dont let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing said about ....the most powerful T.V. show in America.
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks
IN AMERICA WE DONT WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!
...big dollars $700,000 for his wifes political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didnt A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening!
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you!
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with Melania!
. you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!
Americas Labor Market Continues to Boom JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big , exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal , Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI , the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes where are E-mails , DNC server , Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - quietly working to boost Clinton. So where is the investigation A.G.
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life and LOVE , CHERISH your country!
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w the Remarks
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with and
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal , Replace after years of talking , campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into Russia, spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why arent the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes , Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia.
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - its actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. TRUE!
If Republicans dont Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
Its hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every storyopinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
Its very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the the watchProtect herDefend herLOVE HERGood Luck , Godspeed!
American steel , American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world.
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didnt think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media , authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted , acid washed her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isnt the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comeys, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the to the
Manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via
ICYMI- This week we hosted a event, right here at the If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA
Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTHthat is making AmericaFOUR TRILLION DOLLARSRICHER. -Stuart
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the to the WH. Remarks
Billions of dollars in investments , thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck , Pfizer
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America.
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams.
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon.
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, , it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is sick. All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House , Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific , worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now , work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. Thats politics!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017
I am at the An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations!
The ABCWashington Post Poll, even though almost 40 is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources , highly slanted , even fraudulent reporting, News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Womens U.S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate , delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!
Just got to the in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17 since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER.
Will be at the Womens U.S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
I will be at the in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected , the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you!
President you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France.
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Great conversations with President and his representatives on trade, military and security.
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror.
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent parade. Congratulations President
. Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of OCare disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Great evening with President , Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever.
Great bilateral meetings at lyse Palace w President The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable.
President you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today!
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the members of the U.S. Military and their families.
Just landed in Paris, France with Melania.
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border , save lives. Now the full House , Senate must act!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good!
Getting rdy to leave for France the invitation of President Macron to celebrate , honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture.
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax CutsReform , many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why arent the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
. states Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.
ISIS is on the run , will soon be wiped out of Syria , Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down 75 , MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words sources say from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by tonight at 1000 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States L.A.. Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They cant win so all they do is slow things down , obstruct!
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesnt mean I think it can happen. It cant-but a ceasefire can,, did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a civilian, I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian , Syrian problems are solved!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to apologize. Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA , FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still dont....
Putin , I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, , many other negative things, will be guarded..
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. Ive already given my opinion.....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Thank you very kind!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade , North Korea.
Law enforcement , military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists.
The was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
We will fight the with you!
Great first day with world leaders at the here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two!
Thank you! Trumps Defining Speech WSJ Editorial
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan , President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world.
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism.
On behalf of Melania and myself, thank you Poland! watch here
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you!
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs , the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Dont like steel , aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on
If we can help little as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border , so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Americas men , women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, , G...
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years wages will start going up and our base has never been stronger!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!...
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in...
My use of social media is not Presidential - its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name CNN to
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE , FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
Getting rdy to leave for tonights Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w so many of my evangelic...
Weekly Address
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as and garbage journalism. Its about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at , because she refused to go along w Trump hate!
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American...
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely...
I am encouraged by President Moons assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, b...
Watched low rated for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs , TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene...
When it comes to the future of Americas energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT....
Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.
Good news out of the House with the passing of No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed Hopefully Senate will follow.
Mattis Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria
Join me LIVE with and
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills Pass these bills , lets...
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Years Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated speaks badly of me dont watch anymore. Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Tomorrow the House votes on , No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety...
From my first day in office, weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks...
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more...
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago to the this afternoon....
on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming Indias Prime Minister to the WH. Full Remarks...
The sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes which they should is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well , want victory for U.S.
The failing writes false story after false story about me. They dont even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS , ABC? What about the failing , They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on Russia, with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for Americas future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, , WIN!
From Bombshell In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election. Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash , burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero tapes of T people colluding. There is no collusion , no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to rock the boat. He didnt choke, he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
I am on - Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they choked when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didnt want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums , deductibles increase by over 100. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
WEEKLY ADDRESS
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the Act into law, delivering my campaign promise...
Ive helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Will be on Enjoy!
. , I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening , tradition.
Were all thinking of you
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am very supportive of the Senate Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation
...whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin Chuck stay!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasnt? Its all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks long prior to election. Its all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didnt they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump , Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN...
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon!
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesnt work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolinas 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election.
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the today with Pence....
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi , China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesnt even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote R
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement
It was my great honor to welcome President , Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon....
....because he doesnt even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday,
Karen Handels opponent in cant even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SCs 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 sailors of the and their families. ...
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100 increases in Ps. Vote now for Karen H
Jay Sekulow on now.
....because he doesnt live there! He wants to raise taxes , kill healthcare. On Tuesday,
Karen Handles opponent in cant even vote in the district he wants to represent....
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50 Approval Rating.Thats higher than Os
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th...
Back from Miami where my CubanAmerican friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward CubaMemorandum...
Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards CubaVideo
Great news!
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic , jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations , committee hearings about my collusion with the Russians, nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for at w , Remarks...
Crooked H destroyed phones w hammer, bleached emails, , had husband meet wAG days before she was cleared- , they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, , dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
The passage of the Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo...
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Congratulations to the 2016 Tigers!Full ceremony
Finally held our first full meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br...
Congratulations! First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific shooting....
Ivanka on now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills , regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message, not on economics, not on taxes, not on jobs, not on failing They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very cowardly!
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000 new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
The MSM doesnt report the great economic news since Election Day. up 16. up 19.5. Drilling , energy sector...
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put
Time to start building in our country, with American workers , with American iron, aluminum , steel. It is time to...
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, , yes, to put TY O...
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the Infrastructure Summit....
An honor to join the Coalition yesterday. In America, we dont worship government. We worship God....
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling , Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
Great reporting by and so many others. Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare , also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets.
Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch
Great meeting with and leaders, including
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago.
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
Thats right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that wont help us protect our people!
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!...
. decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! ...
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
. Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - , seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? Thats because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is no reason to be alarmed!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we dont get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field.
Join me live at the
The big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 300 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook , even Dems , DNC.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyn Xun Phc to the this afternoon.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at...
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new repeal , replace HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him , now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan... Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, dont want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ??? Enjoy!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. , how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO , military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families , God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave.
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging , demeaning my use of social media because they dont want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTSREFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems , Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources dont exist but are made up by fake news writers. is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems , Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources dont exsist but are made up by fake news writers. is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words sources say in the fake news media, and they dont mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to U.S.
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
....we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field.
Just left the Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism.
On behalf of Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella....
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront , defeat this evil
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Taormina with Melania.
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Todays ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon!
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC...
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican , Pope, then and
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister and
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.
Prime Minister and on behalf of Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation...
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen , women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES...
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead.
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - thats what I like to do!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5142017 through 5202017 as
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!Joint Press Conf...
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign , Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign , Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
It was my great honor to deliver the at the CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!...
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoan, to the today!
U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April
I have been asking Director Comey , others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS , terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
and Proclamation
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service.
Wishing Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy
I was thrilled to be back Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and youve earned it....
Will be interviewed by on at 900 P.M. Saturday night. Enjoy!
We
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck the Team America Rocketry Challenge! Watch...
Today, hosted a Military Mothers Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel...
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians , Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo...
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
We finally agree on something Rosie.
Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity...
Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure...
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!
Dems have been complaining for months , months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge , jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. Richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin Chuck Schumer stated recently, I do not have confidence in him James Comey any longer. Then acts so indignant.
Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!...
Biggest story today between Clapper , Yates is on surveillance. Why doesnt the media report on this?
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the today with Mike Pence....
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big thats sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia , why the DNC wouldnt allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? Its dead!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, to America , join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the...
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal , replace of ObamaCare....
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums , deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan , premiums will go down ObamaCare lie.
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a LIVE...
Death spiral!Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year
Congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
It was an honor to stop by a event hosted by Pence and Secretary at the...
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th...
...TrumpRussia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! Watch...
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51. Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
On Saturday I signed two EOs to help keep jobs , wealth in our country.EO1 EO2...
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans , Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation.
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums , deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You cant compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in whats best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 1000 A.M. Have a great day!
Mainstream FAKE media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders , great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 730. Big crowd, big energy!
. just stated that President Trumps successes are unmatched in recent presidential history Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China , its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the
Presidential Memorandum for the re Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security...
. Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President and First Lady Juliana Awada to t...
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put
Whats more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we dont bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome , recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro...
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO...
Today, I signed an Executive Order the U.S. Dept. of Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our Melania!
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016. GDP up only 1.6. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned close to 80. They used to call this judge shopping! Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban , now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in AmericaExecutive Order...
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museums National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks...
Dont let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Proud of for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation My statement last night at...
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating by using the hashtag Earlier today...
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and many others! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC , NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...popular vote. ABC NewsWashington Post Poll wrong big on election said almost all stand by their vote on me , 53 said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats dont want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida.
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to...
Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens Executive Order...
WELCOME HOME, AYA!
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, , it has been a lot including S.C., media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! Joint Press Conference...
Were going to use American steel, were going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ...
Failing which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
A great honor to host the Champion New England at the White House today. Congratulations!...
Today I signed the Veterans OUR HEROES Choice Program Extension , Improvement Act the Watch...
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG R win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
Just learned that Jon who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesnt even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime , 2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on by starting at 600 A.M. Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia on Tuesday for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote R for lower taxes , safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media not Real Media has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS by Michael J. Knowles.
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! So true.
The recent Kansas election Congress was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Weekly Address-
It was a great honor to welcome Atlantas heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses , there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers.
Great meeting w NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share , focus on...
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily , predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by at 600 A.M. Enjoy!
Great Strategic , Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEOs from around the United States....
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare , Tax Cuts Reform.
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world.
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ...
Thank you
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 1100 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you dont generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and top!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the at the today with
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship , to strengthening Americas long-standing support for...
Great to talk jobs with Tremendous spirit , optimism - we will deliver!
Thank you Sean McGarvey , the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me wan invite to speak.
.
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the as we renew the historic partnership betwe...
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project Soldier Ride to the on Th...
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
. from multiple sources There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented.
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by Spied on before nomination. The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the this evening, for Join us ,
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody especially Fake News media who thinks that Repeal , Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated. If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Wow, just reporting big news. Source Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
...use subsidies to buy health plans. In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing finally gets it - In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is no path to victory for Trump that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake TrumpRussia story?
We are going to defend our industry , create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put...
Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years ...
It is an exciting time for our country!
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice!
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Lkke Rasmussen to the yes...
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt excuse for big election loss, by media , Dems, of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are and
If and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts , reform.
Great op-ed from Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end
The failing has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they dont get on the team, , fast. We must fight them, , Dems, in 2018!
If and RaulLabrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts , reform.
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.
. Melania and I were honored to stop by the Womens Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the
Todays EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session...
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesnt Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! here
It was an honor to welcome to the today with Pence , Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo...
The failing would do much better if they were honest!
Watch now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian reset, praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax.
Why isnt the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill , Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood , Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch on tonight at 900 P.M.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Happy to our heroes!
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION , 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU...
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the A grea...
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare skyrocketing premiums , deductibles, bad healthcare, this is finally your chance for a great plan!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today!
We are taking action to Contact your Rep , tell them you support
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Today on we honor our great American farmers , ranchers. Their hard work , dedication are ingrained...
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the...
Joined the Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way!
Congratulations Eric , Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College , lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
Weekly Address
...vast sums of money to NATO , the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Great meeting with the Committee this morning at the
The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses Confidence
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been playing the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
My representatives had a great meeting w the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth , future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, to the today with Pence.
A budget that puts must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee!
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Andrew Jackson!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 900 P.M. on Enjoy!
CEOs most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan love, today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State , U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, went to his mailbox and found my tax returns? FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America and the results will be even better!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Meeting w Washington, D.C. and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here...
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S...
Healthcare listening session w , Watch
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 1100 A.M. at the
Honored to meet this years delegates w Pence in the East Room of the Congratulations...
U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to
Met with today at the Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Womens Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America , around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Dont let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Dont worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 , 3 of healthcare rollout.
For eight years Russia ran over President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak!
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing , construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American , hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwere bringing back the JOBS!
45,000 construction , manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program
Buy American , hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, Tell Vladimir that after the election Ill have more flexibility?
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isnt voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad pathetic ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is NixonWatergate. Bad or sick guy!
Id bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my wires tapped in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando.
We should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite!
Weekly AddressJoin me here
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia!
I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it.
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total witch hunt!
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
Join me live at 900 P.M.
I will be interviewed on at 600 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era per NBCWSJ poll via
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo...
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing will take an ad a bad one to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately , fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally rigged. Bernies guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax , regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesnt tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing has become a joke. Likewise Sad!
Trump vows to fight epidemic of human trafficking
Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time. They cant even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
S,P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonians National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
My statement as to whats happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on concerning immigrants , Sweden.
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 500 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Dont believe the main stream fake news media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
One of the most effective press conferences Ive ever seen! says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media failing is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
Join me at 1100amWatch here
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
The FAKE NEWS media failing and many more is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly 306, so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and sources, is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing and others must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner , husband of just met w o...
Aetna CEO Obamacare in Death Spiral
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!Tickets...
Welcome to the United States, Benjamin , Sara! Press Conference
Great listening session with CEOs of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - The NSA , FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing , by the intelligence community NSA and FBI?.Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clintons losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. , are unwatchable. is great!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace , save healthcare for ALL Americans.
Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with Pence , Secretary Watch...
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Congratulations to our new Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect...
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! watch here
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM and a group of leading CEOs , business women from Canadaand th...
Welcome to the Prime Minister
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce.
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasnt interested in taking all of his calls.Hes not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72 of refugees admitted into U.S. 23 -211 during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA , YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers , others are being removed!
Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea.
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House Mar-a-Lago. Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! 77 of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries. WT SO DANGEROUS!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today.
The failing does major FAKE NEWS China story saying Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14. We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this the statute. A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General,
..Ryan died on a winning mission according to General Mattis, not a failure. Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesnt know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! Hes been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave service in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had major lie,now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General,
Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media
Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...
Immigration Ban Is One Of Trumps Most Popular Orders So Far
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of A great investment $7 BILLION in American INNOVATION and JOBS!...
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs , Sheriffs for your leadership , service. You have a true friend in the...
I will be speaking at 900 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
An honor having the National Sheriffs Assoc. join me at the Incredible men , women who protect , serv...
I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, in terror, no problem!
I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with airs tonight at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
The failing writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories , sources!
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
Will be interviewed on tonight at 800 P.M.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the and then we continue MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
I will be interviewed by at 400 P.M. prior to the Pre-game Show on Fox Network. Enjoy!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Interview with on Fox Network - 400 P.M. prior to Super Bowl. Enjoy!
Why arent the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in its death , destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in , out, especially for reasons of safety ,.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep evil out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they dont appreciate how kind President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you, We would love to have you!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 800 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesnt work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work a mess-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, ma...
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 800 P.M. W.H.
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the bad would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad dudes out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain , Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later.
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you!
Congratulations Secretary Mattis!
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day
. Mike Pence will be speaking at todays -- You have our full support!
The is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits , little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong!
Will be interviewed by on at 1000pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w Th...
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Spoke at the Congressional Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w Th...
Interview with David Muir of News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
. first interview since taking office. Tonight on tonight.
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people.
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10 oclock on Will be my first interview from the White House....
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time. Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesnt fix the horrible carnage going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24 from 2016, I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the today.
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off...
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning. Together, we will
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upperlower press hall. Thank you Abbas!
Will be meeting at 900 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 900 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I dont always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didnt these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
TO ALL AMERICANS
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...
It is time to remember that...
We will follow two simple rules BUY AMERICAN , HIRE AMERICAN!
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People.
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 1100 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C.
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM...
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
Great Concert at 400 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way!
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
It wasnt Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C....
Great seeing and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner!
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday....
. was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string...
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEOs of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed , others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by on - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bushs swearing-in....he doesnt believe Bush is the true elected president. Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, It will be the first one that Ive missed. WRONG or lie! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing big stuff.
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. even before taking office, with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
Trump is great, a woman with real character and class.
At 900 P.M. of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, cant imagine it will be great!
I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria red line, Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
. Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand. Oh really, couldnt do...
. is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, , when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE. Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trumps right to be upset angry...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD!
mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clintons people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to now its onto the House!
. is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean.
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
Its Morning in America again!!! Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get whats going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE. Very unfair!
BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High
Small business optimism soars after Trump election
U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect , serve our communities 247365!
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan.
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford , Fiat C!
Its finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesnt know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico wont be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified andor highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to So serious!
Kellyanne Conway went to this morning for an interview with Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe...
Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush. Very nice!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter , star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast , Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich , Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got swamped or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall for sake of speed, will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he Obama was presented? Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans , Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive , FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.Keep you doctor, keep your plan! It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evanchos album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just dont understand the Movement
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116 hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Dont let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to H. A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage Its very dishonest. More dishonest than anyone knows
Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russian hacking was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for INNOVATION , JOB CREATION.
Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance!
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act ObamaCare is no longer affordable! - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesnt work, and it is not affordable - 116 increases Arizona. Bill Clinton called it CRAZY
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money , wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but wont help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It wont happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 306. When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
just released a book called Unprecedented which explores the 2016 race , victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor cant do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TO ALL AMERICANS- , many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful , prosperous 2017 as we...
Happy Birthday
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just dont know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing and for such fools - funny to watch, they dont have a clue! totally gets it!
Join founded by Hall of Fame legend on 1192017 in Washington, D.C....
Great move on delay by V. Putin - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules
Economists say Trump delivered hope
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this U.N.! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard and personally in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100 of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media wont report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10 and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
. - Objectified tonight at 1000 P.M. Enjoy!
Happy
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
. purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity. So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, by Gods will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isnt this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult , sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states and more. They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me with a very nice congratulations. He doesnt know much ...
Congratulations to officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!
Congratulations to President-elect electoral votes are in and its official. Thank you Franklin!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media.
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned , called terrible names!
We should tell China that we dont want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase...
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 300 P.M. Last rally of the year - THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! Thank you!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 300 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! Watch...
Tonight- Orlando, Florida Tickets Mobile, AlabamaTickets...
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Lets set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! Tickets
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isnt!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
. and in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch...
Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! Tickets...
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my terms in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
Tue West Allis, WI. Thur Hershey, PA. Fri Orlando, FL. Sat Mobile, AL. Tickets...
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch hackers in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasnt this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the RussiaCIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just cant get much worse, although is right up there!
Will be interviewed on at 1000 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for State- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman , CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 1000 Eastern Network. ENJOY!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.
Reports by that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous , untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B , have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
. one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for State.
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs , together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch...
Thank you Louisiana! Get out , vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal...
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls , send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate.
THANK YOU IOWA!
Join me tomorrow! 10am- Baton Rouge, LA. Tickets Grand Rapids, MI.Tickets
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with Join us! Tickets
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect - at 700pm!
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...
I will be interviewed on the at 730. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! watch here
Departing New York with General James Mad Dog Mattis for tonights rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you...
Masa said he would never do this had we Trump not won the election!
Masa SoftBank of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! Tickets
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
126- North Carolina Iowa Michiga...
If the press would cover me accurately , honorably, I would have far less reason to tweet. Sadly, I dont know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development...
their country the U.S. doesnt tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I dont think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete, heavily tax our products going into..
. will be re-running Objectified Donald Trump, the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35 for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just cant get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today, election next Saturday.
Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again!...
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. Join me! Tickets
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
Donald Trump is already helping the working class
President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross , Todd Ricketts...
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 700pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!Tickets...
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation
President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
. is so embarrassed by their total 100 support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they dont know what to do.
There is NO QUESTION THAT did take place, and in favor of !
Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter.
just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist ! still doesnt get it. They will never learn!
what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job!
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the CubanAmerican people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isnt the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are forgotten!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy. She then said, We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position. Then, separately she stated, He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. Weve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillarys debate answer on delay That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. Weve had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated , demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. Indiana. MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th...
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad , so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. Ive gotten to know him well--hes a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the is back on at 1230 today. Look forward to it!
Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General
President-elect Donald J. Trumps CIA Director Garners Praise
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled todays meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
. update and policy plans for the first 100 days.
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true Generals General!
I watched parts of Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today.
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on tonight after the NFL game - 700 P.M. Enjoy!
The states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces.
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 945pm.
Still time to
Dont let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Lets continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location
VOTE TODAY! Go to to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!...
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!...
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. Watch NH rally here...
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here
LIVE on Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out , VOTE tomorrow. LETS
Hey Missouri lets defeat Crooked Hillary , Koster supports Obamacare , amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL
America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider
What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him
Why Trump
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and tomorrow!Watch...
On my way!
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets
Starting tomorrow its going to be Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!Watch here...
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- its our last chance to Watch...
Our American comeback story begins 11816. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT again for everyone! Watch...
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to , watch
MONDAY - 1172016Scranton, Pennsylvania at 530pm. Rapids, Michigan at 11pm....
Thank you Iowa - Get out ,
Van Jones There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall It Has to Do With Trade
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! watch rally here...
Thank you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!
JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA 2pm 6pm 930p...
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics, No Vision
Must Act Immediately Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on with
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE youve been waiting for your entire life!...
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! watch here
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 930pm Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday 530pm
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out , VOTE on November 8th , we will watch here...
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 930pm!Tickets
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! LIVE
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US....
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch...
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS , DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE...
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens,save American lives! Watc...
Clinton Aides Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm Tampa, Florida at 10am
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina! watch here...
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 400pm! It is time to Tickets
is unfit to serve.
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t...
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud....
Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs , fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesnt work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch...
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillarys corruption is closing in.
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election
It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do.
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White...
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Evangelical women live at
grand daughter So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI12pm
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor It is time to ,
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to dump emails. Time to
Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged
Mika Brzezinski Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare
Kept me out of jail Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman
. is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
Governor and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here...
So terrible that Crooked didnt report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI12pm
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! watch
$25 Million raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt,
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900 wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing...
Hillarys Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at 12pm at 3pm
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out , VOTE! rally...
I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch...
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out , VOTE! watch here...
See you tomorrow Michigan!Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon MI tomorrow at 3pm...
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Great day in Colorado , Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets...
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100...
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here
Tomorrow!Las Vegas, NV- 11a CO- 4p NM- 7p
In my mind, is the only way out of this mess. - of TVs Thank you Phil!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!TICKETSGolden
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to...
BOMBSHELL FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClintons email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office.
Just out Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta , Hillarys people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. Bad instincts
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm
FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or Dallaspolice
Thank you Geneva, Ohio. If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr...
Join on Facebook , watch tonights rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day.
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook.
People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums. Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback , support. Lets
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to ,
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 700pm!
I agree- To all Americans, I see you , I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to with me on 118....
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and - watch here
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
Inside Bill Clinton Inc. Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income.
JOIN ME! OH Toledo, OH Geneva, OH FRIDAYManchester, NH Lisbon, ME Cedar Rapids, IA
I agree, To all Americans, I see you , I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to w me on 118.
Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President
Ron Fournier Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect
WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing Theres No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clintons Dishonesty and Scandals
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL , REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to Get out , VOTE...
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonights rally here...
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech...
Hillary said she was under sniper fire while surrounded by USSS. Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to...
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out , VOTE! watch here
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out , VOTE watch this afternoons rally here...
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!
I have met , spent a lot of time with families The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!...
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!
Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008. Time to
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary cant!
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association.
Obamacare is a disaster - as Ive been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal , replace!
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal , replace!
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25 next year
premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal , replace!
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA...
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability , CHANGE to Washington!
Peter Navarro Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear
Democratic operative caught on camera Hillary PERSONALLY ordered Donald Duck troll campaign that broke the law
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!Sanford at 3pm at 6pm
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets Off to Tampa now!...
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets , MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!...
Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AG...
Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me...
The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out , VOTE- lets EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY...
Get out to VOTE on 1182016- and we will NATIONAL Trump 43Clinton 41
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Dont let them fool you- get out and vote! on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife
Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE on 118. Lets Full Naples rally...
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 600pm! Tickets
Remember - get out on November 8th , VOTE It is time to -- this is our last chance!
Former Prosecutor The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! EDITORIAL Donald Trump for president via
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesnt happen if Im president!
If you cant run your own house you certainly cant run the White House A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out , VOTE on 118.Watch rally here...
WikiLeaks Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick
Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House
Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor and I now, LIVE via
Hillary Clinton Architect of failure
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio....
In order to , create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, , for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to LETS
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG , our people will be SAFE....
Change has to come from outside our very broken system.
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania!
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets and
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w tonight- join us Florida-tomorrow 6pm
I for DonaldTrump!
Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Governor and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us!
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out , VOTE on 11816. Lets Watch...
sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says people are more in despair about how things are
Crooked Hillary Clinton created this mess, and she knows it.
Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept WatchdogTime to
VERY IRONIC In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out , VOTE on 118! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon...
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest.
was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn.
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th...
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Huma calls it a MESS, the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.
Hillary , Obamas Broken Promises.
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR...
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. Well create 25M jobs when Im president, and I will DELIVER!
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Dont forget her slog...
Trump won the third debate
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher, NC 12pm. OH 7pm.
- OHIO RALLY!Watch here
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Lets
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Dont forget - its going to cost you!
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!...
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to...
Why didnt Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! National PollDonald Trump 43Hillary Clinton 40
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to...
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! Watch
The Washington Times Presidential Debate PollTRUMP 77 18,290CLINTON 17 4,100
Join the MOVEMENT to
Great poll - thank you America! Once we together we will
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now!
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of First, we need to...
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary.
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do.
HILLARYS HEALTH CARE POLICIES
We have to repeal , replace Look at what is doing to people!
. is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE!
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and will allow it to happen h...
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES!
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change!
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?
After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims shell defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Heres my plan
What They Are Saying About GREAT Debate and Bad Performance...
Her instincts are suboptimal.
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else shes supported, it was a DISASTER.
Bernie Sanders on HRC Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC Bad Instincts.
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. LIBYASYRIAIRANIRAQASIA PIVOTRUSSIAN RESETBENGHAZI...
Hillary says take back Mosul? We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasnt for
You should give the money back
Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST
LIVE FACT-CHECK Trumps RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East.
Crooked foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to
Moderator Respectfully, you wont answer the pay-to-play question.
. loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTONS! It is time to Debates
Shell say anything and change NOTHING!
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years!
Crookeds camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents werent spontaneous - like she claimed in Benghazi!
is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET!
Brought to you by , her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois.
. will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years!
Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore bc of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c...
. has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been?
gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII...
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal, were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again.
plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her!
This is what we can expect from More Taxes. More Spending.
. tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE.
. talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York.
. has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will
Moderator Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending.
. you have failed, failed, and failed. to
Hillary has called for 550 more Syrian immigrants, but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists.
Hey - WE AGREE!
Moderator Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote!
TRUMP , CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history.
. wants a SAFE America w stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is...
Plain , Simple We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put...
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me.
. is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY
It is so imperative that we have the right justices.
. lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency.
. will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution.
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again.
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK!
Tune in at and get the word out Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the...
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonights
UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times
Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to
Join my team tonight at 830pmE!
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!...
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES!
Obamacare premiums increasing 33 in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!...
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 1230pm! Tickets
Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader
Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times
State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton
Scandals surround Clintons gatekeeper at State
The State Departments shadow government
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton
It is time to
Food Groups Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender
Time to in Washington, D.C. and VOTE on 1182016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE...
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States.
Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server
Trump rally disrupter was once on Clintons payroll
Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count...
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR , WV! Its the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at...
It is time to in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the system!
Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks
Nevada A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence.
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, Im going to have to in DC.
41 of American voters believe the election could be stolen from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico
Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO...
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
EXCLUSIVE FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clintons pay to play guide
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 800pm by Anderson Cooper on I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 100pm! Tickets
Crooked Hillary colluded wFBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. Its a Our country d...
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash
State Department official accused of offering quid pro quo in Clinton email scandal
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami...
Wow, new polls just came out from Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED FBI confirms State Dept. offered quid pro quo to cover up classified emails
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable.
BREAKING State Departments Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails FBI documents
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!
We have all got to come together and win this election. We cant have four more years of Obama or worse!.
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump
Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. Terrible
Watch Joe Bidens Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing
Cant believe these totally phoney stories, 100 made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows quid pro quo in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - , Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC NewsWashington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesnt know how to win including failed run four years ago, must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- 6pm Springs- 1pm...
The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Weve all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
Hillarys staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!
They let Crooked , the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!
Thank you for sharing Amy.
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy!
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out , on 11816- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A...
The failing reporters dont even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime...
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on,delivers the b...
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me!
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100 fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Thank you
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all...
Make sure youre registered to vote! Lets We cant afford more years of FAILURE! All info...
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte!
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace , war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA...
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 200pm!
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act Obamacare is no longer affordable. Ive been saying this for years- disaster!
This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c...
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBCWSJMARIST POLLTrump 42 Clinton 41
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you!
Join me in Ohio , Maine!Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight 730pm Maine - Saturday 3pm...
The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didnt the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the incident in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 730pm- join me! Tickets...
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 1018. REGISTER ASAP ,...
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obamas Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didnt she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out ,...
Join me Thursday in Florida , Ohio!West Palm Beach, FL at noon OH this 730pm
Wow, Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary , CNN FRAUD!
Thank you Texas! If you havent registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to , get ou...
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at and get out to...
DONT LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
Crookeds State Dept gave special attention to Friends of Bill after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary I gave, he won, then dropped me over locker room remarks!
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.Register
Wow. Unbelievable.
Disloyal Rs are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide every poll, it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! on 11816- together,...
Is this really America? Terrible!
Wow, got caught fixing their focus group in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you!
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ PlanEliminate excessive regulations! Lean government!Lower taxes!...
Hypocrite is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far.
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929.
How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans?
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama!
We agree Hillary Clinton SAY ANYTHING , CHANGE NOTHING. ITS TIME TO TURN THE PAGE -President Obama
If is president, shell be all talk and nothing will get done.
FACT on red line in Syria HRC I wasnt there. Fact line drawn in Aug 12. HRC Secy of State til Feb 13.
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally
We cannot let this evil continue!
This is the definition of ransom
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.
Here are Hillary Clintons accomplishments at the State Department.
History lesson Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone...
Were going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. Shes raising your taxes and Im lowering your taxes!
YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION
Hypocrite! claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks.
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the of times the moderators interrupted me com...
. - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING!
. WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.
has FAILED all over the world!
. is NOT above the law!
. Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear.
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system.
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell
ATTN - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!
Hillarys 33,000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails.
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true.
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc theres never been anything like your lies.
Donald J. Trumps History Of Empowering Women
Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders.
Its this simple. Make America Great Again.
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonights
Join me on as I conclude my final preparations.
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued
Exclusive VideoBroaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bills Defenders These Are Crimes, Terrified of Enabler Hillary
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
This Black Democrat is on the TRUMP TRAIN!!
GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
politicians dont count. Its the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.
Republican leadership should have only one job Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump.
I am a woman who continues to support , stand with Thank you.
EXCLUSIVE Video Interview Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes
Tremendous support except for some Republican leadership. Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN!
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Here is my statement.
Thoughts , prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen...
Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 121. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee
New National Rasmussen Poll
Thank you Tennessee!
VOTE on 11816!
Donald Trump A President for All Americans
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back BIGGER, and BETTER, and S...
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge
Nations Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers ICE Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement
Such a great honor!
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 118 , VOTE Together, we will put...
Reuters polling just out- thank you!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11816.
EARLY VOTING MN , IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week OH, ME, AZ, IN check wlocal officials for details , VOTE!
Small business says Trump is their pick for president
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right Obamacare is crazy, doesnt work and doesnt make sense. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page...
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT...
Beautiful morning- thank you
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts vs the other guy...so obvious So true!
..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department
That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for
. Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA
CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists
. is wrong for defense
ICYMI PENCE I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED, KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED.
. is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR.
CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE
. and I will defeat
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! Police officers are the best of us...
. Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.
. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826....
good!!
No she only gets killed - we need
Loving hes so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.
I want a youre fired president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $s.
. is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
. , are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies
I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!
is so angry. Our looks great. kaine cant defend all those lies
is so much more likeable than Kaine
Great opening Pence
Wow, Kaine couldnt go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running.
. I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. Im turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clintons statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT!
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE...
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. means...
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 830pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 330pm!
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 330pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center!
Thank you Colorado!
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado!
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 1130am! Tickets
Just announced that Iraq U.S. is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
. There will be MASSIVE turnout for you, Mr. Trump - These polls dont register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad ratings. People dont want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio , sound level was very bad. So why didnt they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you.
I believe in and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas...
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE on 118. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!...
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon.
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm!
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three oclock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Why isnt Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe its the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of...
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas , Arizona papers , now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, dont believe sources said by the VERY dishonest media. If they dont name the sources, the sources dont exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said, DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly Clinton News Network is doing in the ratings. With people like who could expect any more?
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. transcript...
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm!
My condolences to those involved in todays horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 500pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 300pm. Cant wait to see everyone!
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! Full transcript of my speech,
Joining from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally!
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just...
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! Video...
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! Tickets
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox , Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha...
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets...
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!
Hillary Clintons Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure
CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate via
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and were still going! Thank you America!
Well, now theyre saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you for your endorsement,
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!
U.S. Murders Increased 10.8 in 2015 via
Thank you!
Hillarys been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch
The trend on Twitter right now is - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll.
How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasnt she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at 700 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN...
. First Presidential Debate PollTrump 80Clinton 20Join the MOVEMENT today , lets
Thank you! CNBC poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61Clinton 39
TIME poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you!
. just said a historic victory for Trump. NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls except for - which I dont watch. Thank you!
Thank you Governor
Thank you Governor MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people.
Thank you Senator
. Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on
. - Obama Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks,
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. LIBYASYRIAIRANIRAQASIA PIVOTRUSSIAN RESETBENGHAZI...
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War.
. 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obamas Heritage
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!
This is the simple fact about she is a typical politician - all talk, no action.
HILLARYS BAD TAX HABIT!
A Clinton economy more taxes and more spending!
. has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her?
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for innovation and job creati...
. channels John Kerry on trade she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.
. and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
Why isnt Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT
Really sad news The great Arnold Palmer, the King, has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 1000 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets...
Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes
The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!
Crooked Hillarys bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum 6pm! Tickets available at...
How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers , sm. biz, by saying shell tax estates at 65.
Tomorrows the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. UP TODAY , WE WILL WIN!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm!
Will be on now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on - Tonight at 1000 P.M. Enjoy!
I love those beautiful gals. D S Two amazing women!
. Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina , Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today , lets
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE...
Hopefully the violence , unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity , leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF...
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a...
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation , I will fight to bring us together...
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada!
Thank you Georgia!
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement Clinton Blew The Police Off
Hillary Clintons weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country , its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we dont have a country!
Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
hes the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!
Will be on at 702 A.M. Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama , Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no for now, but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
. just doesnt get it, and thats why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the , police officers- in Philadelphia.
Donald Trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled
A very interesting take from
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon!
hair gets the treatment on So true!
Tonight a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest tweets.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLDS great magnet for innovation , job creation!
Will be joining on at 1135pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York.
Thank you
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America!
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.
Will be on at 700 A.M. Enjoy!
you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016 Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon.
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm
Thank you Florida- cant wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me
Thank you
Great poll Florida - thank you!
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldnt know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isnt President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep.
Thank you Rep.
Thank you
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
Join us today! Together, we will
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon!
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon!
Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 urour success.
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men , women for their hard work!
Will be on at Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M.
The seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47 moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Just Watched Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havnt seen in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years I said no, is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at 810pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great honor to be endorsed by popular , successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing
. is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I dont even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!
It wasnt Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails , the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum.
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. Shes being decimated by the media!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP on
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great polls!
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country , never let the American people down!
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters poll
to for standing up to CNNs attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending bias
I will be interviewed on tonight at 11pmE Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out , on 1182016!
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by ,
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm!
Thank you!
Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hackingor coughing attack, yet it is trending. Whats up?
Message for undecided voters Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! TrumpPence very important save our America before too late!
Thank you!
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldnt provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama the son of a whore. Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Thank you Ohio!
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls.
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting , I for a roundtable with labor leaders.
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!
President Obama , Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
I followed you because you are a patriot , support as do I. by sticking together.
Im at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a fan. Love it.
Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big
We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!
It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then its this, then its that.
Lyin Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the C markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE T
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally amazing people, has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!
Crooked Hillarys V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing has not reported properly on Crookeds FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
. is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9916 at 7pm. Join me!
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 8pm on the Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. Were going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!
Thank you for having me this morning I enjoyed my time with everyone!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, its called
Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
There will be no amnesty!
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100!
Just arrived in Arizona!
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didnt go to Louisiana, and now she didnt go to Mexico. She doesnt have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb.
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
Thank you North Carolina!
Thank you America!
Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon!
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm!
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillarys brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in blank , she still has room.
Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling you know racism , its not DonaldTrump via
Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems via
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote TrumpSAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Thank you Arizona!
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets
America loves Trump and -- praying for you every day. Stay strong.
NATIONAL DEBT January 2009 $10.6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 $19.4 TRILLION
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage , bravery.
Thank you Iowa!
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wades cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Leader No Regard For Black Race via
Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border , WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
Join us via our new APP!
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great!
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
I will be interviewed by at 7pm on
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat
Meet the Trumpocrats Lifelong Democrats Breaking w Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth SUPER PREDATORS - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American , Hispanic communities
The Clintons are the real predators...
Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!
Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign.
Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner via dailycaller
Flashback Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as Friend and Mentor
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. Full speech transcript
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short stamina. Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left wthis one tired argument!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clintons short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
. of the fame - We CAN do this! We can with
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on 10pE discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will , enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support!
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you!
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT , together we will
Great new poll Florida - thank you!
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas!
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Dont buy, boring!
. new book, In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying its terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active , retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.
Statement on Clinton Foundation
Will be interviewed on at 830 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, Ill tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated this morning, unwatchable! is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
Trump leading LA Times poll
The ad was actually very good!
You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HCs 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K
TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!
Video Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.
I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV , someone I helped, was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful Good!
been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!
We will bring America together as ONE country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be interviewed on at 900 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you will see you soon.
200,000 new followers for From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so!
. so humbled by my time w you. You are in our thoughts , prayers.
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Great job by on interview with on
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana , another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 1000 P.M. on -
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy!
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
We will repeal , replace which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, , lost opportunities.
Thank you Governor , Chairman Priebus.
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 730pm! Tickets
Will be on tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin.
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont
This is my pledge to the American people
Its just a 2-point race, Clinton 38, Trump 36
Another health insurer is pulling back due to persistent financial losses on plans. Only the beginning!
CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION.
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
Stay on message is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didnt put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20
The failing which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people Loves U Thanks
Were all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! Youve inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you! Nice
yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on tonight at 10pm, hosted by Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat Lets Make America Great Again!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Im with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clintons term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They cant!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clintons agenda. What a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday!
Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm
Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama and Clinton the founder of ISIS, , MVP. THEY DONT GET SARCASM?
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump. That would indeed be nice!
THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton
Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only will change it
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!
Will be doing tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it!
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
Really admire your determination Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia!
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings
Great meeting w coal miners , leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.
Morning Joes weakness is its low ratings. I dont watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and - sad , irrelevant!
. You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment HEATED!
Media desperate to distract from Clintons anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillarys policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator
Thank you
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump , tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump , tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump , tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump , tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump , tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump , tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.
Loved Trumps answers to voters questions this morning! Trumps economic plan will help
great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clintons hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
Thank you
Thank you together we will
Thank you!
Thank you Alex!
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 1215 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at
Will Media Apologize to Trump?
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire!
. - Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
is not fit to be our next president!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
Anybody whose mind SHORT CIRCUITS is not fit to be our president! Look up the word BRAINWASHED.
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she SHORT CIRCUITED when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck
Trump is right about violent crime Its on the rise in major cities
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon.
DONT LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
Im with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat Lets Make America Great Again!
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat Lets Make America Great Again!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat Lets Make America Great Again!
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat Lets Make America Great Again!
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Im with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Lets Make America Great Again!
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I wont dodge questions as your President.
Obamas disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w Gov. Iowa , Wisconsin! 3pm-
Thank you Portland, Maine!
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors , counting here in Maine, thank you!
Looking forward to IA , WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us!
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
Thank you for your support of my candidacy!
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida!
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter will be on tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putins Uranium Company
Join me in Florida tomorrow! Daytona 3pm- 7pm-
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMAS FAILED LEADERSHIP
Thank you Virginia!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book The Art of the Deal for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today!
The Washington Post calls out for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
Great afternoon in Ohio , a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon.
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona , JacksonvilleDaytona 3pm- 7pm-
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees 550 and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays , refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100 owned by her donors.
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon.
Thank you Oklahoma , Virginia!
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....thats really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillarys pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. Thats what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down, I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldnt stand a chance. and her only hope.
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via
Wow, NATOs top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The Rust Belt was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crookeds stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Obamas third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesnt the media want to report that on the two Big Thursdays when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republicans won ratings
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH , PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon!Carson City
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio , Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! in OH in PA
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9 - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the American Dream!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTATPP support , Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMAS MISTAKES!!!
Thank you Denver, Colorado!
As usual, Hillary , the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w Bernie. Unacceptable!
Job Application
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement , insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out , VOTE in November!
Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal.
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!Colorado Springs
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clintons America - things get worse.
The dishonest media didnt mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crookeds speech. He wishes he didnt make that deal!
Thank you! Facebook
Crooked Hillary said that I couldnt handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldnt get 10 of the vote - they would run him out of town!
Little Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record BAD
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets
I believe in science Dem code for were shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillarys wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillarys vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillarys refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550 increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!
Dems warn not to underestimate Trumps potential win
Great to be back in Iowa! with joining me in Davenport- this past winter.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICAS FUTURE
Bernie caved!
Poll Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart Great!
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70 of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.
stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE
Barack is offended that will demand that allies pay their fair share.
Our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78 this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!
Thank you Pennsylvania!
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
Trump right Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far
Great new poll - thank you!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clintons 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, in Wisconsin tonight , Michigan Thursday!MI
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said Trump is a genius. America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.
Many of Bernies supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS a good thing. Please get your facts straight - thanks.
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems dont want to talk ISIS bc Hillarys foreign interventions unleashed ISIS , her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernies exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire!
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm!
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm! Tickets
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why arent the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People dont want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse.
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet can you believe. Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, thats all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you!
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written stupid, because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix Americas problems. ISIS , all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, shes out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive , well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I dont believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. Bernie, media would go wild
The panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Dont watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just cant go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders political revolution. He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obamas brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Dinesh DSousa Hillarys America. see it
Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They dont look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People havent had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasnt chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS!
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didnt get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage , set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings!
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION!
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!
This is a MOVEMENT!
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Im with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!
Thank you Proud of you!
Weve just set a new goal raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!
Weve just set a new goal raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT!
Great job
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesnt say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
. was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov.
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didnt honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job Proud of you!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!
Thank you
for exclusive updates! We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you
Watching the
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
URGENT weve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melanias speech than the FBI spent on Hillarys emails.
Good news is Melanias speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud!
Will be on tonight at 830pm prior to Melanias speech at the Tune in- she will do great!
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
. is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesnt have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
DonaldTrump and his running mate to appear on in first joint interview. CBS
I will be on tonight at 700 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. Thats because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people dont like
. is much better, and far more truthful, than which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I dont watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didnt lie about her heritage being Native American she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesnt matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country and world is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con its over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Great news! Weve been nominated for Irelands Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton!
Thank you!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look whats happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I dont have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana. My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 1100 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O , Hillary!
is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrows news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today!
Great new poll- thank you America!
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillarys negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone falls flat in nationwide Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin Crooked Hillarys email stories all have one thing in common.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, , Pennsylvania. I havent started yet!
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! is not qualified.
Thank you!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA!
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals , global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
is not qualified!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order , safety - or chaos, crime , violence. I will make America safe again for everyone.
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Speech on Veterans Reform
Great poll- Florida! Thank you!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 730pm! Tickets
I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you!
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Isnt it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last nights horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker
Thank you Rep. Collins!
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now.
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the Star of David also? Dishonest media!
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes,
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing as all know. Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information. Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I dont think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with murder. Come November 8, shes out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow!
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On at 700 P.M. Special Meet the Trumps Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, wont even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriffs Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack slaughter in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting go away, no pictures.
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged , corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you
Thank you for your support!
Thank you!
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring!
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History!
The to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep , bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing that I was not aware the event had to be held in Cleveland - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you cant say it - or see it -- you cant fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado!
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
These crimes wont be happening if Im elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here.
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.
. great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clintons meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bills meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldnt see how she got rich- selling out America.
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!
New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read!
The story with Hillary will never change.
For reasons only they can explain, the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding
I will be on at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clintons watch- shes done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though Im sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
thanks for sharing Eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way its supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here
Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube
This is why I would think the unions would support for
also cant help but notice the stock markets reaction as was speaking.
lets get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs
Good for hes smart on business. Maybe If corporations werent overtaxed they would stay. Voting for
Ill be a guest today on Making Money with on Fox Business 6 PM ET 3 PM PT Discussing Tune in!
. is all negative when it comes to me. I dont watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit Hillary was wrong, watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
Trump voters dont scare or back down. Our numbers are growing , were taking our country BACK.
Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals! Donald Trump
Hillary read sigh off the Teleprompter, Shes so fake she has to be told how to feel
we know theyre fake just like poles during primary. Im sure u will crush in general
The dirty poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump Stakes Of The Election Address
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100 wrong along with Obama, is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago, has left the Republican Party.Hes made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term mass deportation -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out , joined us yesterday!
On the 13th tee box with my grand daughter, Kai!
Arriving with , Back to New York tonight. Video
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Cant wait!
What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obamas illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal , illegal immigrants settled..
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder wa free , ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, , as a people wa shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free peoples, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave , brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Courts executive amnesty decision
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore.
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, Im consulting with our immigration officers, our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama , Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, , start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans.
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic , African-American workers.
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama. -- Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. -- Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clintons conduct has been disqualifying.
You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. Thank you.
brilliant 3 word response to Hillarys Im With You slogan
great speech today!! Its all about America and thats why you will become president!!!! Thank you.
Hillary says things cant change. I say they have to change. Its a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism.
Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by tonight on 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clintons honesty , judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am the king of debt.That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted...
Hillary Clintons open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she cant even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40 asSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment. Shes right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
. We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
Watch out HillaryClinton Support
Yesterdays failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer.
See you soon Arizona!
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm!
Thank you Houston, Texas!
Thank you!
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
Thank you- on my way!
Thank you
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm!
THANK YOU!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
The media attack on is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas, Texas!
Houston, TX Vegas, NV AZ
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer.
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS!
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from U.S. - Mexico border. Video
is a Common Sense Conservative! President TrumpCompetence, Safety, Unity, , US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
I will be interviewed on at 700 P.M.
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon!
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump may have insinuated about But hes right
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon!
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA GEORGIA NEVADA
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the THANK YOU!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon!
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- contd
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- contd
I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT
Congratulations to the 2016 Champions, Pittsburgh
I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 230 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted Allah hu Akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesnt he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I dont want congrats, I want toughness , vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims , their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart , vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina!
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon!
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
Sad case- did article saying I dont pay bills- false, only dont pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia!
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight!
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100 correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
2004 VIDEOPocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change!
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Womens, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me! 610 Richmond, VA - 8pm611 Tampa, FL - 11am611 Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm613 Portsmouth, NH - 230pm
RECORD 14 million primary votesbeat 16 opponentsfinanced own campaign. You will be a great POTUS ,
. Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Trumps Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations
Join me! Richmond Tampa Pittsburgh
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated.
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obamabut nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
please Mr.Trump make your VP. He is a perfect running mate. He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave
You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Congratulations Mr. Trump. Thank you!
Senator Sanders spent more than yet lost.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why WHERE IS THE REPORTING &lt,MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA
HISTORIC!! whats historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, ,pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!
Great speach!!!!!!! Thanks!
. doing on is awesome. Number one presidency of all time
Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you
Nobody is watching anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You wont believe what I am watching now!
fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for at least youll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
Gee ... Does this make right one more time?
Standing by all the way to the White House!
Thank you California!
Thank you New Mexico!
Thank you South Dakota!
Thank you New Jersey!
Thank you Montana!
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 900 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on - Enjoy! 1000 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesnt believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC , VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.
Thank you Diamond and Silk!
Remembering the fallen heroes on - June 6, 1944.
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obamas message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. Thats REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized for a Wall Street paid for ad by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish so too should our country. We can be great!
People like report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
Our ineffective has to make a speech in to make everything look great. Mr. Trump
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way.
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! JOIN ME ON THE
Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Thank you Redding, California!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event taking place on June 24th.
Im a former chief of police in a border town. Im Hispanic, Im proud to be Hispanic and Im 100 behind Trump.
In Crooked Hillarys telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I dont watch or do anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Yes! Hubby and I voted 4 already! Thank you.
I think the first female president of the USA will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president!
Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Whos the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?
Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After I will visit in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club,
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 100pm.
. Thank you for the nice piece in up the great work!
Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time. THANK YOU!
shes a criminal and youre the only person that can stop her.
THIS IS LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED NOW!!
A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.
A 60 increase in Texas Blue CrossBlue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesnt even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U?, so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews , will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict 450 wins, 38 losses. Isnt that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent We represent
Not for slackers! Happy wcourses I took. Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California!
Same failing reporter who wrote discredited womens story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm!
So I raisedgave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE on Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening 7pm!
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raisedgave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raisedgave!
I have raisedgiven a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 1100 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel San Diego, who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than Crooked Hillary if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering
how many of donalds rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.
Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally STRONG So true, and remember the M.I.A.s!
Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally A great day in D.C.!
Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents thank you, the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border wont enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart , strong if it wants to win in November. Cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP cant control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, Rs!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- bc I stand 100 behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while hes in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost.
Dont believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing but when I won the GOP nomination, Im in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money , get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing wrote a story about my management style , that I dont have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- , Im beating her.
I we broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you!
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees social media accounts
. Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!Thank you!!
I am on tonight, a big special. at 800 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill OReilly doing a major special on tonight- at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good!
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President!
My wife and my children will be featured on with 7pmE. Enjoy!
Celebrating 1237!
Thank you!
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. , Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten.
. just watched you on thank you!
The Inspector Generals report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim, California!
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just cant close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesnt have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!
high energy!
Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
congratulations from India
UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CANT STOP THE
Great job! Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington!
Great honor to receive todays endorsement of Really nice!
After raising, w no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldnt believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYTs should have written!
A suggestion for the dishonest media-
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it , you will never be able to vote for her.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesnt care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 , 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana!52516 Anaheim, California Billings, Montana
I will be interviewed on at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldnt measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care ofour vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women?
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center! Tickets
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500 increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
I trust more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Hillary wants to rip the guns out of Americas hands. No guns no protection. Get on , join to stop her.
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.
Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June 16 Cant wait to play it
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint!
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox , the
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the prior to
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining,massively popular candidate this country has ever seen.
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the at a private event. cc
I am on my way! See you all soon!
A Call for Unity by Jason Greenblatt
Crooked Hillary cant even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I dont think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I made a pass at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke!
Thank you Louisiana!
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasnt even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterdays and todays nightmare
The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon!
Hillary Just Handed a Huge Gift Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy!
No way I believe Trump at 70 disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 12 women. MSM LIES
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I cant believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Dont watch CNN!
That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how THE MOVEMENT does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
Amazing job
Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!
I like Michael Douglas!
. Best interview that I have ever seen.
Great interview Megyn
and we love you Diamond and Silk I do also!
Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president
Thats why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed True!
Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! Thanks.
Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts
We actually really do love you! Great!
Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!
it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.
Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!
we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
we need Trump more then ever Megan Please dont lose it for America for us!
Kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy
Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job
You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Dont listen to these people who want you to change!
great interview with ! Thanks.
One thing we know for sure supporters will turn to - absolutely not
speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.
you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. is a tough interview! Respect to both
whats with the soft wimpy questions?!? Its not a therapy session ..!! Not really soft at all!
amazing on Megan Kelly Thanks.
. Watching you on Fox with now. Cant wait to hear what you two talked about.
I will be live tweeting Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she cant win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
I look forward to watching tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the energizer to D.C.?
at clerks offices , 185 ballot drop boxes in at 8pm!
Crooked Hillary cant close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Cant believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. You can tell them to go BLANK themselves - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
OREGON votes today! Go vote for and kick it BIG TIME!
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about 6. Thats because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the is failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious , libelous story they did on me.
The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined
Thank you, Anthony The Entrepreneurs Case for Trump
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for which I no longer watch, said Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries. I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday, was on saying Times lied
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you!
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesnt the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! Thanks.
Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes! Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP
Leicester , DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
Im a women , I 100 support , I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning Well delivered and totally logical!
Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart
Wow, is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton cant close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!
. Your story about me , the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C.
Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue.
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump , gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnt care less about the American worker...does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you...
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I dont want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you Nebraska!
Thank you West Virginia!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me , I cant tell the truth about her husband? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting wPaul Ryan , the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via and Jason Greenblatt Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs
WEST VIRGINIA TODAY!
NEBRASKA TODAY!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie ODonnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary!
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am a woman , I JUST VOTED FOR
Thank you Jason Greenblatt For Our Children Lets Elect Donald Trump
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beatshe had one!
Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA
The liars that signed the pledge and now wont support IS the reason they are losers
you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by on at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight. Thank you.
Wow, I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I wont do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M.
. Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
On was on the ball , is in a time warped stupor. will EXPAND
I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On show now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just cant close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
. Kellyanne, you were fantastic on today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians cant. will give his all for us!
. thank you for your support tonight on
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue!
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets tickets
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! Im driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintons flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didnt work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the womens card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didnt inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency Ive ever seen. Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Lets keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big.
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners,coal companies out of business. She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! Omaha, Nebraska Oregon
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates , otherwise. He should show them, , run as an Independent.
Happy The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
I will be interviewed by at 6pm ET tonight
Many reports that I will be attending the AlvarezKhan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!
I will be interviewed on at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at 700 A.M.
I will be interviewed on at 615 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
. Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana!
Lyin Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesnt he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time , money
Wow, Lyin Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Cant function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Polls close at 6pm!
Thank you America!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out , tomorrow!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
THANK YOU AMERICA!
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out , tomorrow!
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 1182016.
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on at 730 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm!
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good , never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldnt be on the air!
I am on with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with throughout the day. Enjoy!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham Why dont they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates.
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The protesters in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
. Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between LyinTed Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back!
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine End of the Republican Party If Donald Trump Not Nominated.
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Thank you Evansville, Indiana!
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight who last night endorsed me at 1200 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the at 700 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much.
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
Join me on from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy!
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island!
Agreed!
Thank you Newt!
Thanks Dave!
Thanks!
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
Thank you Delaware!
Thank you Rhode Island!
Thank you Connecticut!
Thank you Pennsylvania!
Thank you Maryland!
Thank you America!
Lets Maryland!
You have until 8pm to Delaware!
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island!
Six hours left to Connecticut!
Lets go Pennsylvania!
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates , otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you ,
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania!
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - cant make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly cant stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors , special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
. awesome job on DonaldTrump has integrity , he refuses 2 play the game call Delegate Bribery
turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive nominee
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
. Great job and advice on Thank you!
. was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you Delaware!
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
Pennsylvania Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS , ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania!
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon!
Thank you California! See you soon!
Thank you,
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldnt get to 1237. Now he cant get to 1237. Drop out LYIN Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-
Off to Indiana!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!
. is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!!
Your policies will make this state and country great again!
Everybody is In A New York State of Mind now!
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
Discussing Buffalo last night- on the eve of the GO NY!
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country, and video , go
closing speech inBuffalo, New York!
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm!
Thank you Eric!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on at 700 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo!
Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again!
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin Ted Cruz cant win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him , K
. is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget , ahead of schedule.
Thank you for todays endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!
Thank you, California! Will see you soon!
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesnt want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin Ted Cruz cant get votes I am millions ahead of him so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It wont work!
Lyin Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
Ill be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, New York!
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 800pm on FOX. Enjoy!
I think its more like 64.
New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruzs core supporters , increased support for ...Not surprising.
Dear Im starting to believe that youre actually going to WIN!
Trump Holds 66 Favorable Rating in New York Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire...
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE!
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs.
this morning.
I will be interviewed on at 900 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit! Fantastic!
we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him Great!
We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !!
Praying for your family and your win in New York. Thank you!
Join me this weekend! SYRACUSE - NOON WATERTOWN - 3pm
Thank you,
Thank you America!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York!
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Dont let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by on tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE!
Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 1200 A.M. EASTERN.
I LOVE NEW YORK!
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
Missouri just confirmed as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support!
Thank you Albany, New York!
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow! available
Tune in , join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York!
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, of and
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill OReilly is a complete and total vulgarian? I dont think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention
This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble!
Thanks for Rochester rally. Great people, thank you!
just listened to you on fox. I love you so much. Thank you!
Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential.
Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. Hed get 100k , own the news cycle
I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart
lets go Pa he has my vote Go Trump
Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! A big crowd!
Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.
If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard
GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner Trump not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner Sanders.
is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess.
California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out , vote.
get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
Your tax and economic plans are second to none! Media shld report.
Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with 44. Thank you!
here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. Very sad!
A great honor to visit the 911 Memorial Museum with my wife, today.
The Real Person Of The Year! Wow!
Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isnt it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done!
Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to
we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! Thank you.
All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU , AMERICA FIRST
We support you You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of , Im a woman! last I checked And Rudy, U R amazing!
Reports are RNC has received 1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on Ill post
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by
Nobody beats me on National Security.
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.
Jennifer is a terrific person.
Vote trump to save the west. Dont become like Europe -
Great interview with on regarding path to victory
Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign and loving it!
first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?
lets have the policy speeches on immigration, economy, foreign policy, and NATO!
Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!
we can only do that with RT
Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we dont forget!
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE!
Wow, is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad, dishonest journalists!
Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote only candidate that will protect your rights!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! today , we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
is the only guy, I think, that has the will , the nerve to attack , to fight.
Something VERY close to my heart. Im a NAVY VET! I love VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on tonight at 10pmE w from Wisconsin. Enjoy!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you!
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on on from tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you!
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you!
I am on with doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
Congratulations to for winning the We are all proud of you , all clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with Join us!
Thank you Miss Katies Diner!
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!
I dont care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE. And thats exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much!
Thank you!
IS THE ONLY DEAL !!!
VOTE SMART RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W
is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Medias a JOKE
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. on Tuesday, April 5th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you , Just arrived in
. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
. Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have General Counsel, as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions!
Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!
Does anybody like Lyin Ted?
For the 1st time in American history, Americas 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council NBPC said that our open border is the biggest physical , economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates Cruz plus 143 delegates Kasich is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
THANK YOU, AMERICA!
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! next Tuesday, April 5th!
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine Peace Through Strength.
Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for
Im a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary. Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!
Please keep your thoughts , prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005.
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
. got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified show a 365 vote increase for me- least 12 more delegates!
Thank you!
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter
Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
Victory press conference was over. Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
Why arent people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the , show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more voteshundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldnt do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs , illegal imm!
LyinTed Cruz is weak , losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If youre for Motherhood, hell be against it!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals 7,546,980, 5,481,737, 2,724,749 A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called leaders ever learn!
Kirsten Powers Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story via the Gateway Pundit
We stand by Trump 100 Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at 730. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
will defeat ISIS and
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin Ted, even the no fan of mine says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why cant the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women , children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Dont believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsins economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMPS EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE.
Dear after doing a quick Google , Twitter search there are over 15,000 womens groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.
Let me help you Trumpophobes with math Trump $10.3B-$1.2M 74 equity1.2M 858,233. S,P 1314.5
Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it
Your instincts on foreign policy , terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didnt start the fight with LyinTed Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Endorsements for Lyin Ted Cruz-
Cruz , Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt,
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Theyre all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time
. T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM NO
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
. and Lyin Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly ZERO in his pres run!
. thank God is not a politician, but hes one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people.
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
A picture is worth a thousand words
Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like Who owns Ted?
You have over 2M followers more than than This says something about how America feels.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jebs endorsement hurts Lyin Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning, , now Lyin Ted , others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin Ted Cruz. Honestly, I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona!
Lyin Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. Thats why we call him Lyin Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately , get home to Washington- where a under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
message from
message from
video
My heart , prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time , time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough!
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
Heres Trump in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch.
The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasnt even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop
So the highly overrated anchor, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I cant fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roadsdoors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
Whats strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner.
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THATS THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US , KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and on Tuesday!
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! on Tuesday!
. You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work!
. Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
. Just watched you on with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and on Tuesday. I love you!
Wow, ratings are up 75 because its all Trump, all the time. The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!
If crazy didnt cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy says I dont wont go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
after tonight it is clear! Utah is
Check out HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ
Honored to be in with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
Actually, no has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
Its great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months
1st time I heard I said wow. I liked him! I then became a closet fan. Today? Hes the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president, Weve Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him
Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States
Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30 ceiling
I totally agree! is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!
Thank you- New York! I love you!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrows events will be amazing!
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected!
Watching fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Why havent they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruzs guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another ceiling - 49.7, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, , the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you!
Join me tomorrow!
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesnt have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich , Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 12
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who choked and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons dont like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
. got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator made horrible statements about and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know.
Highly overrated , crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
. is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
. Editorial says Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trumps is 7,533,692-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just dont tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy supposedly had lyin Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted cant win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romneys historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The OReilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel.
Thank you, Missouri!
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida , I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing5 victories. Lyin Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President?
. Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
. I think can beat HillaryClinton. And Im looking forward to Trump being president.
. You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at 830 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on at 740. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on on at 715 A.M.
Will be interviewed on at 700 A.M. Big wins last night!
Thats funny, I switched to other media too, cant stand her
I thank God you are on board with to help him and us Ty!!
Thank you Marco, I agree!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois!
Thank you, North Carolina!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida!
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!
Cant watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43 but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big , over!
If media wasnt so biased against Trump, he wouldve won all of the delegates.
is trying so hard to bash its ridiculous Dont worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
Hayes is looking depressed as well.
I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.
Shes choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.
Was going to watch for the primary results but saw - looks like tonight
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will sing again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford and many others. Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
CarolinaOhio
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8 of the vote! Thank you!
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,
Dont reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc..
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation DONALD TRUMP !!!!! Thanks.
WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie dont come close
I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow. Thank you!
Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse.
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it!
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out , tomorrow.
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back!
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now!
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We dont have a country- if we dont have borders. Video
Just received from Thank you Pete! on Tuesday Ohio!
LYIN TED
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- , should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesnt watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors arent told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
It is repulsive that Trump was assaultedpoliticians used that 2 further themselves2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!
Wow, Kasich didnt qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton , 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, , their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! today!
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman , conservative.
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckermans
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better.
Thank you!
Lets be clear.. is about Never someone we dont own You either play into it , let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America!
Thank you Mark.
Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him! Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, , is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii!
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan!
Thank you Mississippi!
Thank you!
Thank you America!
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total When you watch, remember!
Hawaii
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho , Hawaii today! Amazing father!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho , Hawaii Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly , are bad for America.
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no , they went negative. Extortion!
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ill be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!
I will be interviewed by tonight at 10pm EST on Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews.
Setup is underway rally in Madison. Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Dont believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama twice, ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47 candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7 to 0 when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook , Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ,TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ...
A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work.
. and did a 1 hour hit job on me today totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 300 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesnt have a clue.
Thank you Michigan!
FLORIDA Do not miss this opportunity to Thank you
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
. is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky!
Thank you Louisiana!
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate Fox News is in the bag!
Romneys failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- dont know how to win!
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
Getting ready to make my speech at A great honor!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldnt get into the hall. Really amazing!
To the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didnt want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure.
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re caucus. Made a fool of himself 1.KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of todays voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC the format was fine!.
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! on 382016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
5, 2016 Wichita, Kansas
U.S. Senator Bob Corker R-Tenn. issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan!
Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? Shes not a real person, right? She is a major loser - no clue!
GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!
Thank you America!
MY POSITION ON VISAS
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University.
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- dont think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the Chairman of my National Security Advisory Committee.
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it!
Will miss tonight at the I hope all of Bens followers will join the We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
People are just mad that youre doing so good so they are gonna do theyre best to stop you. Not gonna happen
teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. 98 approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesnt know how to win. Hillary wants no part of Trump
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big R win!
I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio , Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
The establishment doesnt like you because they cant control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. 22
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. 12
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here
. poll just hit 49 for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
is 100 correct And u and the rest of u muppets refuse to HEAR HIM. So true!
Why cant the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife will be w tonight at 7pmE on Enjoy!
I took Trump University class and saved my home!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale , his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians puppets are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, its a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow.
Looks like Rubio wont get any delegates from TX or AL because he didnt meet 20 threshold.
A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination for Rubio, says ...
For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump So true!
Thank you Vermont!
Thank you Arkansas!
Thank you Virginia!
Thank you Alabama!
Thank you Tennessee!
Thank you Massachusetts!
Thank you Georgia!
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! on 352016! Lets
Lets go America! Get out ,
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out , tomorrow!
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE!
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, ,
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but wont out of principle! See student surveys.
Trump University has a 98 approval rating. I could have settled but wont out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and tomorrow!
My wife will be joining tonight at 8pmE on Enjoy!
Governor Alejandro Garca Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio is no friend of Puerto Rico.
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people! Video
Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!
Thank you America! Get out , VOTE tomorrow!
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now 735. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out , VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in HuntsvilleMadison Alabama! Landing now!
Phylis Schlafly Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All
Little Marco Rubio treated Americas ICE officers like absolute trash in order to pass Obamas amnesty.
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses. DISGRACE!
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.
Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people cant stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.
Mitt Romney didnt show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the puppet of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies crossover. I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to hit Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble oil, word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.
anything is better than
It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio cant win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.
Marco Amnesty Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.
GO TRUMP
DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnt afraid to tell it like it is. Governor
We need to fix our broken education system! Video
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out , on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
Incredibly proud of my son , his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN.
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004.
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
. was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didnt - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
Theres only one real candidate, and its you! Donors control the other candidates! Thank you.
I will be on at 830 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
Michigan GOP poll 2242016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 Wow!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!
A majority of evangelicals believe is best equipped to save the country.
Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.
in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak Thank you!
What I would do on my first day in office.
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!
Never let them see you sweat!
Thank you for your support , friendship- Governor
They dont like Rubio in Florida- he left them high , dry. Doesnt even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth Texas Convention Center at 1130 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 1200 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump
Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he cant beat you ! Trump will win Texas !
trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school.
Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio easy to get the two politicians confused looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight
thats because youve never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate.
Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
Vote Early in the will
Also, all the things Rubio,Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one wall the skills.
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.
Thank you! Polls
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid , didnt release his tax returns until 92112.
THANK YOU!
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didnt win South Carolina, its over. He didnt win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois!
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!
Im going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule , tickets
Signing a recent tax return- isnt this ridiculous?
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w someones net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w FEC. They are great!
Why doesnt just endorse already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!
hates to see Trumps success when he was so pathetic
Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!
Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! Hes not relevant!
Love it! is done. We need someone who is proven. will make America Great Again
Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion , energy to
A vote for or is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia , many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO
Thats why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!
This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!
. Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for liar Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasnt enough Hes a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey He should be fired!
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here
I am self funding my campaign , dont owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people!
. Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havnt even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by on now 830 A.M.. ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA! Username realdonaldtrump
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
Exclusive interview w my wife tomorrow morning 8amE on w Enjoy!
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 830 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at 800. Interviewed by - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada! Finder
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didnt!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I wont be fleeing, in and out. I love , invest in Nevada!
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today!
Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process , gets it right
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
gets it. Was just on explaining how Trump wins the general election. Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out , said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right temperment to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 1000 P.M. Eastern conducted by on
Thank you Vermont!
Thank you Michigan! 35Kasich 17Cruz 12Rubio 12Carson 9 Via ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! on 315!Trump 36Cruz 18Rubio 18Carson 10Kasich 7Via
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon.
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! on 315!Trump 28Cruz 15Rubio 14Kasich 13Bush 8Carson 6Simon PollSIU
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably wont let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement Video
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out!
No matter what liar sleazeball says about in Tennessee. We have early voting and has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP
You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel by far, Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
Nevada we are on our way! Caucus locator
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you South Carolina!
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re Jeb.
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
This is the best reaction shot Ive ever seen lol
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People pundits gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! HOPE
This veteran just voted in the SC primary, lets make America great again!
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now today, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Dont allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
All aboard the Trump Train!
Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60 of Americans still supported the war.
I am the only candidate in many years who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting!
EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA
is the only one who will protect American interests.
WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LETS FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE!
Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! Its a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it!
is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. He is weak on illegal immigration!
Get out , if you dont NOTHING will change its that simple!
TheTrump phenomenon summed up Leadership, Fighter and Winner. Not a Liar
Lying Cruz just on election day came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
If you want a job next January today. will work for the people.
Im a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs , should demand security. It is time to get tough , be smart!
I use both iPhone , Samsung. If Apple doesnt give info to authorities on the terrorists Ill only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great , complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld twice! I am the only one who will
Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the people not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, , allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice , freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, , replace it w something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper , have been consistent- I will repeal all of including the mandate, period.
A message from Video
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will
Tonight on CNN was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
Tonight I will be on with at 10pm and w at 1010pm. Enjoy!
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina!
Response to the Pope
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
. is changing their theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America!
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street JournalNBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJNBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina!
THANK YOU AMERICA!
Thank you Nevada!
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but its far too late. 1 in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, and just go home.
. is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I wont, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
. who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I would never be president - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be
BUSTED AGAIN in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising The guy is bad news
Why does devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
FOX TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE - TRUMP IS WINNING
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.
Theyre too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election theyll get it.
. thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to and who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states and dem-indie votes that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first Enjoy!
Thank you, South Carolina!
Thank you to the 2,500 in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Dont forget to VOTE on Saturday!
is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina!
Thank you!
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you!
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday!
Thank you for your continued support!
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private Eminent Domain --- Just another clueless politician!
Jeb used Eminent Domain , took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. 22
Id like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue , never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! 12
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb!, is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb! didnt want help from his family in his failed campaign and didnt even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didnt!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists , special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors , special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete , total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldnt have nominated John Roberts. Really?
Jeb is incompetent and will lose, dont waste your energy on that cry baby!
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
you crushed the debate! Thank you!
Hey see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing!
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can beat Hillary Clinton- if he cant beat anyone else on the stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.
Lightweight said tonight he didnt know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie!
On the way to the with my wonderful wife
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w saying I may not be on ballot , I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected accurate Washington , Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
On Shipping To Im The Only One Who Understands Whats Going On
Im fed up w DC playing 3 card Monty w our tax $s. Its time we the people play the Trump card, , take back our country
will rule
We know better than to trust the RNC So cute!
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
Get on Trumps List email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. Email
was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. I told you so, only going to get worse
stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and hes self funding!
Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this.
They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!
Lets Get United In America With
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn.
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America 2,000 being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant.
Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. Hes a blue collar New Yorker and gets it
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch!
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckermans loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 wout musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE , GREAT AGAIN!
Millions of $s of false ads, paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepy are now running in S.C.
Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?
good I want to see the court decide what I was always told natural born means - born on American soil
you have just been put on notice We Stand with you... Thankyou.
Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesnt do better this time, he is out!
If doesnt clean up his act, stop cheating, , doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w a series of incorrect , ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary.
The failing destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. Its dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit from
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, Trump , Rubio are wObama on gay marriage. Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin , others?
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow!
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w How can he preach Christian values?
Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon.
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother who got us into the quicksand of Iraq. Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He or she who hesitates is lost MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDNT KEEP THEM! Hi DT
. showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina!
Which is it ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it? Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 700 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a highly gifted politician and a great entertainer - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners DonaldTrump A v strong energyclose. BernieSanders B went too long
Thank you to the people of New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now!
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our leader - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! Video
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on at 840. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the Governors and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember wants COMMON CORE education from D.C. and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION come as act of love. Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire!
Thank you, New Hampshire! Voting questions?
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Todays third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire.
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on at 702 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl.
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire!
Thank you Newt!
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K! Join us tomorrow
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning!
.
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!
I am on now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union with at 9am. Enjoy!
This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.
Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.
Trump won that debate. People can huff , puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night.
Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, calls it right Trump held them off.
Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure
Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights.
Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 1 Rubio 14 -1 Cruz 13 -1 Jeb 10 2 Kasich 10 2
Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.
Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
My debate report card Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B, Kasich B, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South.
The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order.
. dominating searches throughout
. led in conversation during the
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 28! Register now
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
IA caucus hasnt picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
If I owned a big company that was failing, Id hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-RubioCruz wouldnt be considered
AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz , Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful , not owned candidate
How come Rubio,Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire!
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders , the drugs will stop pouring in.
He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
is the only hope to
all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.
Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! Thanks!
DonaldTrump no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar. TRUMP 2016
Border agent We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately!
It never ends!
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals.
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it.
Really dumb Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets!
why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trumps talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th!
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die A motto for the whole country to follow.
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire!
I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up , youll have this Democrats vote.
Watch on NOW!
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I wont let them take away our guns!
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum.
. as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
, discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote.
Thank you , Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesnt want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K.
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w Trump to
Thank you New Hampshire!
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies.
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
I will be interviewed on at 700 P.M. Enjoy!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers voters that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and choice - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting votergrade of F and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race, and to caucus or vote for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didnt win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on tonight begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy!
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd!
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruzs far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And hes never held office!
Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you!
Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.
if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing
You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!
. on He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro
I dont believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz , Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldnt do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! WATERLOO CEDER RAPIDS
. , his wife attended the here w Governor
Watch show you how easy it is to in Iowa! Video
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places!
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Video
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set instead of the poor ratings recieved. Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal , replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run born in Canada. Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
. is a total phony and con man. When I wouldnt give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz.
. asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony
. is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free and more. I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace Ive received on the campaign trail. Video
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa!
damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! Tickets
. The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
. is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz cant even get a Senator like who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted!
. looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa! finder
They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more , would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America!
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa!
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!
Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet THANK YOU! John Wayne Walding
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47 Clinton 43
Great Twitter poll- and I wasnt even there. Thank you!
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy , proud
Thank you for your interest , support during last nights finder
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!
Thank you for your support!
Thank you, America!
212016 630pm caucus finder
Thank you for the kind words tonight, You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. Video
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked!
Watching biased Charles a flunky who didnt know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
Donald Trump Hands Bill OReilly Cable TV Viewership Win-
Finder
I hear that $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his Teds holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016 Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C.
Tennessee GOP Poll 32.7Cruz 16.5Carson 6.6Rubio 5.3Christie 2.4Jeb 1.6
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you!
Finder
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!
What America Needs The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord Available now.
I hope has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching Watching Trump tonight
So brings in to add credibility in her fight with
Pathetic attempt to bribe He cant be bought
The debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, hes not eligible
Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, its a great country So true!
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
new WSJ poll shows pulling ahead of in Great!
...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is. GREAT IDEA!
Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. Were just tired of it from your side. 1949z NO!
debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada
Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?
takes hit on advertising revenues by screwing with ROFL!
9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.
is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors
And this is the bimbo thats asking presidential questions?
Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97 will not watch the debate tonight!
Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!
Finder
On Greta, 87 of the people said they would not watch the debate if Im not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!
It was the childishly written , taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter,
I will be interviewed on tonight at 800 P.M. Eastern. Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists , special interests.
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty , dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBSs FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001
Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the Without me theyd have no ratings!
Thank you, America!
Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation
Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump
THANK YOU! finder
Do you think knows about dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the
. begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
For the great people of Iowa, find your location at - so important to vote!
Why doesnt phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didnt like paying
I will end common core. Its a disaster.
The next president isnt on ur stage. is the next president.
CRUZ IS DONE
. Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruzs favorability ratings are 0, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!
hits new heights in national poll at 41
Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC NewsWaPo poll with 37
I will be interviewed by on at 730 A.M. Enjoy.
it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair
I will be doing this morning at around 700. Likewise, I will be doing at around 700. Figure it out!
A huge disappointment to see constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.
just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
I believe in Trump!!!
Megan can not contain her bias, its in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT
I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.
It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch wo Trump.
My pal was just on Megan Kellys show! He digs Trump. Thank you David, you were great!
BECK wanted to commit suicide after surgery, clearly is unbalanced!
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire!
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly.
, leading POLLS w one week until ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on 7PM
Phyllis Schlaflys Eagle Forum National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it!
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jebs. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll are way down!
I will be on with from 5-7pm est. on
I will be on Mornings with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to on caucus night in Iowa on 2116!
Obamas deal vs. Trumps deals-
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! 300pm 730pm
I will be on The Situation Room with from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. Video
IPSOSREUTERS POLLThank you!
Its time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
Rubio isnt experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump
LETS GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!
will be overtaken by We are superior and have more supporters.
trump right again Nobody supports Canuck Cruz
Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Lets elect him, DonaldTrump
From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks.
... You are like Superman, everywhere! But Im keeping up. Great!
Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD
Its time we take America back! No more puppet presidents! So true!
You said it best!
Fox News PollThank you, New Hampshire!
New Fox News PollThank you, Iowa!
I will make our Military so big, powerful , strong that no one will mess with us.
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
I will be on this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
i honestly believe you are the only one who can make
Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Streets investment in Jeb.
. Great comment after last rally on Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz.
I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you
Full Speech Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA 1-23-16 via One of his best ever
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over.
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesnt have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy!
. such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your location at So important to vote!
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the
Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain.
Based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it wont happen!
. has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history.
Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Streets investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
One year from today.
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. WILL be our next President.
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me.
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w Wall St. , is funded by Goldman SachsCiti, low interest loans. No legal disclosure , never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didnt disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant doesnt like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
. one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesnt he say that?
Just watched Jebs ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom cant help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - whats going on? Is it Goldman SachsCiti loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush!
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you, America!
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll
National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump
New Reuters poll! Thank you!
The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective , have been for years!
Poor Jeb. I couldve sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day!
Truth be told, I never heard of The National Review until they tried to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!
After spending $89 million, is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name Bush in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Poll Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined.
clarified how is used to interpret meaning of
Washington Post Constitutionally speaking, simply isnt eligible to be president
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President. Big problem
calls Cruz constitutional hypocrite on
eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz Constitutional Law Professor,
With your help we can
No sleep for the
Isnt it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who cant win. The American people have Trump!
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldnt have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost its way. Its circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa!
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
Thank you, New Hampshire!
Thank you!
Thank you, Iowa!
Happy birthday to my friend, the great - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I wont beat Hillary - I WILL. But he cant beat me.
So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!
THE NATIONVideo
Youre the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors!
Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
Trump destroyed Hillary , Sanders moved in. But he didnt destroy her, Trump did. So true!
New CNNWMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!
Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times
Thank you, New Hampshire!
Thank you, Florida!
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks!
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected!
CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo
Breaking News Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists
President Donald Trump just getting used to it Wow, very nice!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palins endorsement tonight. Video
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment
- VIDEO
Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower, said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith , Freedom Coalition.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that Ted Cruz must be defeated. Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Waynes daughter....read
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3.
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday-
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support.
. Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy , I really appreciate your words , support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend a loser- hes a winner!
. Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship 14th Amendment Gives credit.
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
. great job on Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
. Exclusive Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than
I dont think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki!
We launched a new series of videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch
A great morning with everyone Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now.
Leaving for Liberty University. Ill be speaking today in front of a record crowd.
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us
Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH , IA radio ad
great on too Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we wont have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they wont buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan.
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about , demeaning?
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, , $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form , not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes.
Great new numbers. Thank you!
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a natural born Canadian, did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didnt report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wifes employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he didnt know that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
. is a total clown. Has zero credibility!
. please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
. Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on tonight. You are a true champion! Thank - great guy!
got ass kicked by last night-He offended every New Yorker , has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched on - he was great!
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJNBC Poll Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race.
Enjoyed watching at his rally yesterday! Ive never seen the Bay Center that packed!
no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!
Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU!
Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... A fantastic evening!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
Standing with as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA
There isnt anything Donald Trump says that I dont agree with. Go Trump!
. Trumps appeal to evangelicals is real
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Wont be that way if I win!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does put him on?
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures , images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Why does , waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
. unbelievable job on with That was better than I could do!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released.
Thank you!
My nomination would increase voter turnout.
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Dont release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didnt we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia.
New CBS poll.
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you!
Such a serious problem for Ted , the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Lets all work together to solve this problem.
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU!
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
. horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Dont blame Mitt! Now Stevens cant get a job!
. --failed strategist who cant find clients criticizes winning Stop complaining , try winning
Fantastic job on tonight. is a winner!
Dont forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at 1130 P.M. You will not be disappointed!
Face The Nations interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!
. Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on with on at 1135pmE. Enjoy!
. recently said that she cant be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
. is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper wont survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend on winning a A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does w allow a hater , racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They arent worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isnt questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who cant win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate.
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havnt even focused on her yet. On our way MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
Trump pummels his opponents - and the press SunHerald Thank you!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Im protesting the from having anything to do w ABC debate. Their unethical record doesnt give them the right to be involved!
22 David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it!
12 Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.
. watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you, Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion , do what is right.
Constitutional law expert Tribe of Harvard says wrong to say it natural born citizen is a settled matter-it isnt settled.
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting and fun. I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Poll - THANK YOU!
Love seeing union , non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their leaders cant compete!
I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Dont let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!
I agree with you on this. wont be good. He will be great!
Key State Florida Poll Trump 32 Beats Combined
DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!
Im leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on We love Barbara!
The once great when headed by is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Hillary and her friends!
Weak , ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and dont be ashamed of it!
. Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now , seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
. was one of the worst performing stocks on the S,P last year, plunging 46. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received
I will be on for a interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Dont like golf swing. Not athletic. Ive won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I dont cheat at golf but cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, Very proud of you!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies
Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!
I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best
Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!
mr trump you were excellent on tonight Thank you!
ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls Slave of the Video ARE YOU WELCOME NOW
. Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable , Kingly.
If Trump doesnt win, we may not be able to recuperate America.
gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
if doesnt win, Im leaving this country
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!
I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are! Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
Whats wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!
I dont know to best of my knowledge havent played golf whim , think he does too many TV commercialsboring. Not a fan.
Wow circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP 4000 people! !! Great!
watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!
Iowa key endorsement for Cant wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks!
Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
Donald get big business back and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016
The crowd was HUGE
Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. and i have watched most of them... WELL DONE
Wow! Lets hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize is the real deal!
Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight
Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED!
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is finance chairman. If Woody wouldve been wme, he wouldve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
This is voting for Thank you for supporting IOWA! My great honor
By the way, Hillary , the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the Al-Shabaab terror video.
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia , their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
bashing distinguished women journalists wont win you votes She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!
I love , REAL MEN w an opinion Exciting interesting controversial
. of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
. said today on that attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before. Wrong - attacked him in 08 , won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Lets ALL get out , VOTE in 2016, so we can
Hillary said that guns dont keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner , if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Well done display of Southern pride and hospitality at event. Fired up and ready to go!!
is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.
Thank you Remember this night , spread the word to get out ,
How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made a big problem
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support!
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. Im not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about womens issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
. is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
. is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS
, together we will THANK YOU for your support!
Thank you so much to for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. Great!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind I agree!
Im one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I cant wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!
We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake , sleep praying for you , the USA!Israel2
we love u to Trump Family. God bless you.
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
theyre spending millions but youre still going to win - go Donald Trump
Hillary said she was in a Fog of War as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!
Happy New Year from Thank you to my great family for all of their support.
HAPPY NEW YEAR , THANK YOU!
I will be on live, with members of my family, at 1150 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEARS EVE, just released more of Hillarys e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Lets not forget to get family , friends- out to VOTE IN 2016!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, Very proud of you!
I would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $s of hit ads on me
Nevada Poll Donald Trump 33, Ted Cruz 20, Marco Rubio 11... via Great news!
Just heard a 25 year old man say I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sandersits time for me to leave this party.
On Point with Gov. Sarah Palin , Donald Trump
Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history Thank you!
I have a message for Donald Trump No, were not going to hate Latinos, were not going to hate Muslims. I fully agree!
. reaction that is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts?
The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time Fantastic Shawn
People ask, why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about when he is so low in the polls? Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump! Many do!
Jeb is such a lightweight
Veterans Love Trump But I love the VETS even more!
Patriots for trump!
. has spent $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!
ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP! Thank you.
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher Stinky Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now.
Great poll- thank you Nevada!
Im going to be live with and to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!
I never thought Id be saying this but Ive really enjoyed on television lately, and he was terrific hosting
Joe McQuaid is desperately trying to sell the Its a loser, and my comments havent helped him much.
The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Good morning, Mr. Trump. Youre so AWESOME.
WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WERE so smart
DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President
Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again ! Thanks
what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ? I went, he didnt!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. Im now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
. You were great on last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!
Joe McQuaid of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didnt do his failed debate!
I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans , America!
We need a real President!
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million , done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little and am in 1st place.Now I will spend big in IowaN.H.S.C.
Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump
. is terrific at hosting on - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP
No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA
Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! make America great again!!!!!
FLASHBACK1986 Saved a Georgia Farm Thank you, nice memories!
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!
Thank you!
Thank you to a supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because Im lowering taxes, while he will double , triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the womens card on me, shes wrong!
We need a real President to get things done, and thats why we want you! Thank you.
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginias Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid! RNC
. blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.
My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.
Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder.
andreajmarkley Rubio finally gets an endorsement from loser Gowdy via dailyne
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strengthstamina!
Thank you!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HES DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
Story
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldnt run, or that I wouldnt lead or do well 1st place and leading by 21, now say I wont beat Hillary.
. is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
just announced that TRUMP was story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we dont WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States So nice!
You know whats making my Christmas Great, Familyfoodfriends,YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHIRT ON WHOPE IN MY HEART for America
Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Cant wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome.
Im reading Best book ever. Thank you!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it? Never!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? Hes spent $59 million and is at 3.
We have many problems in our house country!, and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
. was GREAT today on She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
. Great job on today. Very wise indeed!
. Why didnt you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps will do better next year-but doubt it!
should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story True, a total distortion of the facts!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. and very dishonest in not showing the new Poll where I am at 39, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isnt using the much newer Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. Its about time!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past in the new Poll. Jeb is at 3, Im at 39. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesnt allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. Hes bottom and gone, Im top by a lot. Thats what U.S. needs!
Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail
A great Christmas movie , perfect Story
why is Hillary even allowed to run... Shes a criminal.
why is Hillary even allowed to run... Shes a criminal. Good question!
Hillary said I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign. I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Merry Christmas , Happy Holidays!
Hillary, when you complain about a penchant for sexism, who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media. New Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does give so much airtime. He and other Fox pundits is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
. treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out Poll. All negative!
The which is the lobbyist power for not imposing taxes on today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
Thank you America! Together- we will
Big news just out - NEW POLL TRUMP 39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18 CARSON 10 RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 37 CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word schlonged, bc is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest
NPRs said schlonged to WaPo re 1984 MondaleFerraro campaign That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls.
Once again, is dishonest. Schlonged is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly.
Jebs big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesnt have me answering Jebs statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO
The Donald shouldve been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows , social media. MAGA!
Well Im at 42 and your at 3 .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage. Classic
. opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesnt in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
. just took millions of $s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
A GREAT PATRIOT
This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties.
100 Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE.
Got my autographed book yesterday cant wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.. Great!
Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobscompanies to USA
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras!
THANK YOU America!
Thank you - Michigan!
Thank you - New Hampshire!
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness , secure our homeland!
thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
UPDATE ISIS jihadists stole tens of thousands of blank passports... Here we go!
Its the Democrats total weakness , incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly Trump is last hope for America
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, we are finally where we need to be. Do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst. She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
Tell this knitwit the ppl want not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40
DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
. today said he didnt want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2. That is the talk of a loser, cant win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!
Wheres when you need em?
. final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner WATCH.
My friend, of bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
. was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2 and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a with great strength , stamina. Hillary does not have that.
reminds me now of but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance.
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool. This was fact checked by FALSE
Q Who are you voting for in 2016. A Donald Trump! Donald Trump!.
Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate
Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out!
is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time. Thank you.
You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing!
all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away.
Right, same old political bullshit year after year,
. stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
Thank you America! post-debate poll with - from previous poll.
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus but failed. Disloyal person!
We now LIVE in a but WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4
NEW POLL Trumps massive lead grows in post-debate poll
Another new post-debate poll. THANK YOU!
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE!
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
. has embarrassed himself , his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
Weak , ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name , dont be ashamed of it!
. Dont misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as youll find out after I get elected.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized.
New Reuters poll - thank you!
is making $400Myear on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as
I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-
Thank you!
Will be on in 20 minutes on
. got fired like a dog by The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing tonight at 800pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the , more.
Will be on tonight at 1135pmE on
Clear winner of the Thank you for your support!
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
OMG awesome! What time zone!?
yes sir
Your the man!!
You were amazing !
The only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is President Trump! Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now hell probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ads.
Thank you for the nice words The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the tonight at 800 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill OReilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
. works so hard but just doesnt have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you for your nice words this morning on It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
The fix is in Donald did his best performance and has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain Joke
Thank you, - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor.
Were not talking about religion, were talking about security.
Departing for Lets
Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.
. If Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will.
Pataki needs a brain surgeon!
Lindsey still doesnt hear Americans! Still at Zero! Its like Monty Python.
just called you this PRESIDENT !!! But I dont want his endorsement!
DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesnt represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.
Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. asks all negative Trump questions!
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING PPP just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w 28! Dont worry - media wont report it!
. what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects , my friend, I wont forget!
. was great as a political analyst on He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including and more. Too bad dopey lies!
Between Iraq war monger dummy deadpan highly overrated among others, not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
. is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
. the most overrated anchor at worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isnt anyone using the Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll 2nd place.Dishonest press
Isnt it amazing that paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13, 33 to 20 - then doesnt use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from - 38. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support!
Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.
Im in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!
oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking.
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support.
horrible defense of me against highly overrated I will bring more people into the party , easily beat Hillary!
Why doesnt use the Iowa poll?
Thank you Great work on
Thank you for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
Cant believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. Hes paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
. - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the
. was great on Thank you Pat!
Thank you nice!
Another great accolade for Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health
EXCLUSIVE Newt Gingrich The Country Is in Rebellion, Trump Can Kick Down the Doors
Why doesnt quote the new Iowa Poll where I have a 33 to 20 lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump VIDEO via Love this from a real winner!
Trump did not need 2acquire wealth , power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory.
Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.
.Youre the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesnt cut the mustard. Go Trump!
TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE
Thats why, after your interview, I couldnt watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment.
Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
Everyone vote for and no he did not pay me for this endorsement.
I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBCWall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. Thats because is smart!
. Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that book is terrible and boring. Save your money! should can him, no credibility!
CRUZ doesnt do anything about ILLEGALS and REFUGEES invading Texas.
As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump.
TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, ITS NEAR 60 NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!
That is why we dont need a politician to be the next president.
Id pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary Get ready!
I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . Theres a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Chris Wallace at 1000 A.M.
. at 900 A.M.
. An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
. Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?
Something must be done with dopey - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Dont fall for it, Karl is a loser
Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the safety of Americans than offending people
love you Trump! Please
Ill be watching
DVR SET!
I will be interviewed on at 900 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10O0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNNs - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE.
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Dont trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General.
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina!
Reports say now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so.
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz bc last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41!
Getting the support of of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
. so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at 800 A.M. So much to talk about!
. did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Trump Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way were going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Iowa crowd LOVES it.
Iowas RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
Trump says he was establishment. I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time Im doing it myself.
Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on nice guy Ted Cruz
I will follow all the way to
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support.
. you were great with on tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddys money. Cant do it when I get elected.
Thank you ,
Thank you! We are at 35 in new Reuters poll with coming in at 12. Time to
I will not let you down!
Tom Ridge is a failed Bushy , PA Governor. Him , his friend shouldnt be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good from failing Des Moines RegisterBloomberg. I think somethings going on wthem. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia! The just out Landmark poll shows me in first with 43! Wow.
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland.
. is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning! I fixed his rating problem.
. just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
. should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
. is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory, great people! Thank you.
. was not good tonight on He just doesnt know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
. Explains Why Has Plenty of Staying Power
Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
I hope that you will be the next POTUS.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Thank you to I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!
Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration
Establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being will NOT
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! ... ...
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily on Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily for her powerful writing on the U.K.s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning at 730. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
. spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, shes being driven crazy!
great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! Thank you!
Weak and totally conflicted people like shouldnt be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!
. The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way
Great interview tonight - very professionally done.
Youre a funny guy! Vote
Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow.
this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.
Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Cant stand her now. Very little talent!
Thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been Magazines Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas
Why does bore their audience with people like a totally biased loser who doesnt have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
. who cant believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent!
. on at 1000 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina!
I am interviewed on the tonight at 800. Then at 1000, I am interviewed by on Enjoy!
Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis
Haim Saban Hillary Clintons Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims
The police in London say Im right. Major article in Daily Mail. We cant wear uniform in our own cars.
Thank you you finally get it!
Thank you, Piers, they dont know what theyre getting into.
. of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now! ... ...
Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump Complete Refugee Pause Makes Sense
I told you Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance Yes, he is a crude dope!
Wow!
People forget the policies of leaders like allowed 911 killers to immigrate, drive, , pilot planes
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. Ill end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing does not mention the new Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!
anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for Trump according to
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe!
Will be on News tonight at 630. Interviewed by the legendary Enjoy
The legendary will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on at 630 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68 of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP , ran as an independent.
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! ...
I wish the Wall Street Journal had reported the just out Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA Poll BIG Trump 33 Cruz 20 Rubio 11, but reported Cruz momentum but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you for the support, South Carolina!
I hope you become president!
RT New Iowa poll finds . in the lead by double digits.
is so great towards you. Just doesnt like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .
DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election Ive been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact
Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. Its been too long!
Today, New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits
Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once youve failed to get into office.
Cant wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC.
Just released Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe needs to surrender!
On my way to CharlestonMount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it!
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred , danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
. is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!
Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!
Today we honor the fallen at 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them!
Poor doesnt have what it takes-
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations FBI
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
If ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The scam is saving it!
The loses money a deduction and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of Big tax shelter
The which loses a fortune, is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company,
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said Im a negotiator like you Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS , W.R.
He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!
Well, Obama refused to say he just cant say it, that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago like I have been saying.
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!
he is reading off the TelePrompTer. But that is O.K. in this case.
THIS IS WHO WE R REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY
air strikes? Whos air strikes??
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT!
Hope he wont spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary wont call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good great! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMAS SPEECH AT 750 P.M. EASTERN. MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, with was getting terrible ratings then, with me, he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health , happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
I have been saying it for sometime now!
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!
Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for Great story, thanks!
Thank you America! Together, we will all
Wow, said some very nice things about me today on with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obamas prime-time speech tonight starting at 750 P.M. Eastern.Will he finally state the real problems?
only President Donald J Trump can
in bed together , hate Trump. Win it for the USA , the 21st Cent
We will elect for President! We must!
Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!!
. Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S.
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term radical Islamic - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama , the e-mails!
AMERICA WANTS Politicians are so dishonest!
Poll numbers will go up even more for after Obamas address
Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd. Media-he LIED!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at 1030 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with on but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
. , should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth.
just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter. Thats only because Im being nice!
you copied incompetent incorrect story. Im sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
. 3rd rate reporter , CBS lied. Finished in normal manner,signed autos for 20min. Dishonest!
A great day in both Spencer , Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support!
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!
Done by a real fan!
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
you were awesome at the rally. It was exciting to see you. Two truly fantastic women!
you were awesome at the rally. It was exciting to see you.
Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech! Thanks
Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!
Donald Trump opens up massive lead in national poll
WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote
we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.
.
Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts.
Good news, disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Dont shop there for Christmas!
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest ---
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing by the
. one of the dumber bloggers only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?
. Martha, great interview with my son -- smart, tough , professional. Thank you!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
. , Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
. Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
The GOP establishment Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee.
Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald...
. I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said not even close. Only FULL standing O. But dont want $s
As a professional handicapper is a 35 favorite for presidency.
Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine. Great!
Show em how its done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! I will!
Great job on OReilly Stay who you are, its refreshing.
We cant take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!
America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!
Watch my live book signing now!
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now , be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.
Thank you!!
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week!
Via
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.
Thank you! Vote in 2016!
Thank you!
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends , family. Order signed copy , join me at 730pm, live streaming!
Why cant get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends , family. Order signed copy , join me tonite live streaming 730
Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration. Nice!
The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with President Trump
Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...
You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life! True!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
Trump Mideast peace something Id really like to do AP Photo
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
CBS reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9112001 VIDEO
APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 911 Celebration Report ...
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
start backing real change is coming !
if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
Chris Christie needs to 2 along with everyone else who doubted u.
Legal , illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this.
WILL WIN! Hes counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then WE CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES!
This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.
Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County GA endorsed today.
Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter
Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people! True!
I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 911! Not
yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now , join my live streaming book signing on 123
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS , Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses.
I beat Hillary in the new Poll head to head. SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on Live with the Donald
Join me at 200pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook , Periscope!
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA , submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 123 at 730 pm.
I WILL BE ON AT 730 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell.
Stupid opinion! is Winning! why will he leave? dummy!
Any GOP candidate will lose except for I agree!
Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else.
I will NOT vote for Cruz or My vote is pledged to ,my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
Howard Stern Caller day after 911 ... ...
I live in NJ , youve got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ!
I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website
Have a great rally !!!
YES HE IS , SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA , submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 123 at 730 pm
What is Obama thinking?
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9132001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 91401 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order , join my live streaming book signing event on 123
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA , have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 123
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w my high poll More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.
we also saw numerous since scrubbed videos of celebrations on 911
When will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesnt have a clue! Others bad also.
We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!
John Kasich-it didnt work Im still voting for John has done so poorly in the debates hes done!
Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, You can do much better!
TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! USA
They should all get on the Trump train! So true!
Trump for president!
Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that.
TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. Thank you!
is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!!
Great job on You made kooky Cokie Roberts and look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
Chuck doesnt know that 100,000 x 2 200,000
After my meeting with the pastors, its off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
Trump is our last hope to make America great again. So true!
I cant wait to vote for
How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worlds Next Biggest Drug Company
story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voterssupporters in the GOP field.
. has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
Another hit piece by CNN. What? Were not biased!
I will be on in an interview with on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
Your story is a total fraud I agree!
I cant believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans. only says negative-bad reporters
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. Its going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
. Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
so great in Sarasota, FL! Were following T all the way!
JohnKasich All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected
NOWS THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE , 4 ALL. TRUMP
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air!
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier , will be landing soon! See you there.
America backs you. Your our next President!!!! Thank you!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I dont know what he looks like and dont know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Live Stream Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 1200 PM EST
Thats why THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY
Pollster Trend National GOP Average223 national polls , 33 pollsters.
Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016
Dont let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate
So like the media to make something out of nothing. Dont let them sidetrack from the message.
should the reporters dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?
Donald Trump Rises to 38 Nationally, Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12
Great twitter quote about Donald Trump Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
If you combine the business models for both Macys , the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity.
no need to explain, Sir. Weve got your back. Thanks!
Shopping is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house. Great, a very disloyal chain!
The failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support!
. gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media.
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well.
The failing should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
So good to see the family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations FBI via
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY , IS RIGHT MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 911 HERE! WE SAW IT!
The Establishment is afraid of Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again!
Thank you for your continued support!
just totally bombed on has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove.
did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal! True!
Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by Rove embarrassed himself
America wants DONALD TRUMP! TV Heads still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.
DonaldTrump Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016
Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didnt have the Bush family and Fox he wouldnt have anything! !
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would use as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
Love it. Wish I could get I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
Fantastic winning all the way to WH
. no one is even close to
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.
New national poll released. Thank you America!
Thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with Chris Wallace.
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
. came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.
Leave our candidate alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.
Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help
Ill only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I wont vote for ANY republicans, ANY
If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! , Kasich must hate the country.
Will be doing at 10 PM on As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdso much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
. I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point Sir! Thanks.
it was awesome! Great crowd! Wonderful
You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!
theyre finally gettin the message, were fed up , were not going establishment.
We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Lets do our part , VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4
You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!! Thanks and I will!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy
Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!! Thanks.
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Cant debate, loves
. reports that getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasnt the deal!
Via 91801. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration.
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about-
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
. has one of the worst reporters in the business -- wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face.
. continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working!
. thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on My family , I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what shes best at!
is an excellent resource for the 2016 race
Trump gave a great speech in Ala. Whats more important a protester? I wouldnt give these folks 1 sec of attn
THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN , IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?
We need Trump now! Obama isnt protecting Americans !!
The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger Very interesting!
Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!
A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many xs do we allow them to disgrace this country?
By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware.
Great poll numbers! Thank you!
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new Poll to be announced at 900 A.M. on This Week with I will be interviewed on show!
. just announced that I am leading BIG in the new Poll which will be shown on This Week at 900 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on at 800 A.M.
I find that is a far more professional operation than
.ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
URGENT an effort to destroy their own front runner. I HIT BACK!
Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights, told the TRUTH about Trump!
What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trumps Communication Style Very nice, thanks!
Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race, Ted Cruz makes gains poll via AOL
Great family. Great interview !
Well said
Its clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!
Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else?
Report Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center
Palin on 2016 I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump! Getty
Ill talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on
Trumps Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate Theres No One Else Like Him
. great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama!
Its too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year Ill try , be there- and theyll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis , reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, , Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope its not true, theyre so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire , dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Were stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, Crippled America. Check it out!
Make America Great again vote Donald Trump
anchors shocked that DonaldTrumps comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!
were ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State.
Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia? YES, soon.
Watched special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!
A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump ,
Youre the hero America needs! Thank you, I only want to make America great again!
Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile! Cute!
No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! Thats his promise to us!! We love u trump
he will make America great again
the best man for the job! Thanks!
AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!
Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!
trump 2020 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.
Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you Nice!
Join us at 10pmE on with
I joined with on this evening.
No one can take down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed
Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in
Looking forward to watching the legendary interview my family and me tonight on at 1000. Many things to talk about!
You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!! So nice.
Tune into the legendary at 10pmE on tonight. for a full hour
. Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
ROLL TIDE
North Carolina. Come on down. Will be there very soon!
Alabama loves you Great!
Ill be in attendance. Nice!
Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.
. Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
. is weak on illegal immigration , totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be
The legendary interviews my family and me tonight at 1000 on . Dont miss it!
. should focus on running , all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, , not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., , probably the worst Mayor in the history of just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday!
I didnt suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism , have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength-
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight - 10pmE.
. a Fox contributor, isnt smart enough to know what is going on at the border. made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders MASTERMINDS. Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina!
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum!
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining peoples lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete , total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - hes almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyhe came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I dont want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign , debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 1000 on ABC. Dont miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!
Just the beginning , it is going to get worse. Rates , deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it.
I told you! Premiums are soaring!
Thank you for your support! Together we can
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration , the wall. After Paris, theyre all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG , BEAUTIFUL WALL!
New Hampshire Poll Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire. Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, , Kasich 7
Via Politico Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll
Very nice article from Daily Mail
Great New Poll
How does Ben Carson survive this problem really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.
Katrina, great job on last night!
Thank you for all of your support! Lets
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 1000 on ABC....
Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats , ISIS. Trump best to protect us
I will be interviewed by tonight at 1000 on . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary Watch this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS
. is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible , highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing?
GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee!
Just received a copy of new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of Thank you!
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people!
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all.
Discussing with on back on 1032015.
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. Its all very simple, we want to
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big , think strong!
Wow, shares are down more than 40 this year. I never knew my ties , shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil ISIS source of wealth a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now theyre attacking the oil.
From St. Patricks Cathedral, NYC blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
didnt know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, its pathetic, dropped calls, no service.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
. John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration
I have faith he will win and save America
i have faith he will win and save America
We finally have a voice with Lets do our part , VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4
Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again
Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesnt make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. Thats a sign of lying
If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow by
Youre spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity
Glad to see that lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at Magazine. He is a total loser!
. Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of its former allure!
Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters
Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy Presidential candidate??
One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
. on ISIS,OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! you should acknowledge this!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He cant say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
the best book Ive read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius
Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth.
Poll Trump Surges to 42 Nationally, Bad News for Marco Rubio Great news!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10 it is actually over 20 and for African American youth - 51.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? OMalley is a clown.
Why wont President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isnt it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
TrumpOn America needs you in office Now!
I absolutely love this, cant wait till u debate Clinton
Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a vs one on one debate! That would be easy!
are you watching this circus?!? what a joke!
this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail.
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w 2nd is 17 behind him!
was right! close the borders!
I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I still havent heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. cant happen fast enough.
has what MONEY CANT BUY VISION , LOYAL , MOTIVATED SUPPORT!
THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN
you definitely have my vote!
- a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on!
you need to win for not just America, but for humanity.
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said ISIL continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself!
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said.
Thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago.
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better!
. Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
. had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
. I only said I was on four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
. Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper , pathological disease. I didnt say it, he did. Apology?
. CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
. Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to let Jeb talk, give him a chance because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL TRUMP 34, CARSON 19.6, RUBIO 9.7, CRUZ 7.7... Thank you - a great honor!
Happy Friday the 13th
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support , this evening!
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you!
I will be on with at 7PM. Tune in!
I will be on with tonight at 6PM.
Macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed!
Thank you for showing the was wrong. So dishonest!
From 2 to 27 in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Total fool is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!
. and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
. is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100
We, as a country, either have borders or we dont. IF WE DONT HAVE BORDERS, WE DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldnt the call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want smart trade deals.
The Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
. Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Todays Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on at 730
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. said I was so, so.
Im not convinced that any candidate other than is committed to securing our borders.
You will bring out more voters to vote for you than weve seen in any election! Great.
This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump
RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8.
Will be interviewed by tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
. Gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, really smart and elegant.
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date.
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you , -- a great show!
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on live from New Hampshire - 700 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new , amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am.
People Magazine Donald Trump Was Right He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didnt See
Thank you South Carolina!
Thank you New Jersey!
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
Funny all the real polls have way ahead.
Like him or hate him runs a brilliant campaign for ! Thank you!
is Hillarys worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.
If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands Thank you!
I will be interviewed by on at 700 A.M. There is much to talk about!
Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years
Why nailed SNL. My new column.
Donald Trump lifted to its best ratings since 2012. Photo NBC
Trump helps SNL blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since 2012
DonaldTrump Saturday Night Live episode garners highest viewership since 2012
Ratings were HUGE for appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt,
Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, , motivation. Hes the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump
its the only way we can make America great again.
Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.
It shouldnt be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls.
Look when you try to kill Your mom,thats it for me ,no walking on water
OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his fathers charisma and intelligence!
Thank you to Robert Rorke for the really nice review of So many enjoyed it - very gratifying!
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration , in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for
Marco Rubio couldnt even respond properly to President Obamas State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat , chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support!
Great job on Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated.
. should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Busha total conflict of interest.
. Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments. I will help the veterans like no one else.
Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012 At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat...
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL Donald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL...
Ratings DonaldTrump lifted to a near four-year high. TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!
Chuck Schumer Sen Marco Rubio Is Totally Committed To Obamas Immigration Agenda DonaldTrump
great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny. Thanks.
Trump Winery via Always an amazing experience at Trump Winery Beautiful fall foliage
you made SNL great again
was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it!
Thats because people are interested in you, , youve got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary
HUUUUUGE
Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!
. Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47 higher than their opening night with Hillary , Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Youve got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you.
At 1030 I will be interviewed on both by and Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by on at 1000 A.M.
. Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 900 A.M. Enjoy.
Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! Thank you!
You are a machine. Success leaves clues.
. - So much fun last night!
What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone!
you made SNL great again
I am Hispanic - I am with you
it was a great show!
we need you elected tomorrow!
Loved the show!
Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA!
great show !!!
thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts? Very soon!
We finally have a voice with Lets do our part , VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4
It was FANTASTIC!!
The books great
Loved the show! Best in years!
Will be on at 800 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a tweeting skit, so stay tuned!
I am working a SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! Nice.
If you like how handled then youll just her as Commander-in-Chief
You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!
Wow Marco, is this true?
so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016!
use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally Great idea!
is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonights is going to be legendary.
From the last time Donald Trump hosted The Boardroom Band.
Backstage with Trump.
Everyone loves new look.
Cecily also has a Trump impression.
See you at Rockefeller Center.
Were live from Studio 8H tonight.
cant wait to watch. for president night live
I havent seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. Great!
They are saying that tickets to tonights Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the its going to be Thanks.
Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting SNL Frazier, enjoy the show and best wishes!
We unearthed Donald Trumps Vine account from 2013 and its incredible Thank you.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
. Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character!
I cant wait to watch snl tomorrow. A really big show!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump Dope!
THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!
One more day! Donald Trump hosts with tomorrow. Will be a wild night!
Would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesnt have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
dont let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent.
Only Donald Trump can Thank you!
Will be on tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great Hes done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT?
DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises.
Will be highest rated show ever, is a marketing genius Hope it does well!
GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to
Super excited to watch tomorrow night on
and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Lets get Huck and Christie back.
The straw man candidate is falling apart!
How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.
KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!
Getting ready for commercial.
This is not good. WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story.
All Rep should stand with Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers!
. Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include , in the debate. Both solid , good guys.
Carson now admits his friend named Bob, who he tried to stab Bob was saved by his belt buckle!, no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - dont people get it?
Such bad reporting A puff piece on Ben Carson in the states that Carson is trying to solidify his lead. But I am easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
. Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.
lead in Reuters National poll
Marco Rubio cant even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances
its about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats!
Interesting presidential race, Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and beats Carson in the polls!
Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capableTRUMP
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
Wow You openly LIE about whos ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99 of polls. Shameful...
Ivanka said it and you said it too, youll be great for women.
TRUMP Supporters arent Angry Were Smart ! Were Men Women Millennials Politically Saavy
I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Heres the real deal!
Rubio lied about my meeting w Hispanic activists. I didnt change my opinion but treated them w respect. Shame!
poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump
I just finished reading Crippled America. Its a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.
No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank.
JEBS! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTYLIES
. should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ran for president twice. Never ran, merely considered running!
I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! Great!
What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina? Thanks!
Why didnt correct Jeb when he said has run 4 president 2X B4Jeb needs 2B corrected bc he lied.
Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re Soc Sec and Medicare. He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, hes my friend! Pure political speak. Why cant he be truthful and say disloyal guy, no friend!
Also, tune in to the at 700am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and
I will unveil my first campaign ads on at 630am tomorrow. Enjoy!
Wow! poll just came out. with 26! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far!
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isnt it terrible that used a poll not used before I.B.D. when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
every single real American needs to read ! Beyond awesome I couldnt be more thrilled
Just read Great book! I havent felt this enthusiastic about since
DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICAThe new book by is best seller in the making.
Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.
Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from on dealing with Obama! They should read
Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in its pages. Thats why I stand with TRUMP
on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria This country needs to be less predictable.
I cant wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!
Shooting promos for with Cecily and
Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trumps Immigration Plan On Fox News via
The Complete Interview Getting Things Done via
We finally have a voice with , Lets do our part , VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4
This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016.
He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book!
Rubio wants Common Core for education.
DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW Fox and Friends 11-03-15
I will be on tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book and much more!
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamas executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.
The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, dont doubt me
Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carsons sleepy, Jeb low energy.
Your performances in every state have been amazing!
. is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
I Trust s polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news Iowa lead!
been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. Ill see you at noon!
Book in hand waiting for The Next President
is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in at noon. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
BREAKING Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! Hed beat Hillary!
I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M. and at 750. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
this interview is great.
Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesnt show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
Nope. Trump isnt taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity
Great interview. Ranks just above the interview.
Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in The Art of the Deal by
Trump is our last chance to turn this country around
agreed Luisa. WILL WIN! This is what he does!
fantastic job with your interview with today!
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
My interview with , at airing at 5PM on
. used this poll nobody else did when I was downwonder if shell use it now that Im up?
. Why dont you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 113 at 12pm!
Thank you Carl Higbie former Navy Seal for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job
The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back! DonaldTrump
Online poll best to handle economy by far Very true, thanks!
DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You heads try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!
. Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 730 A.M. Steve Bannon.
WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!
I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.
Its not so much that Iran made a good deal, its that Kerry and Obama gave away the store. O.K.!
We shouldnt be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad will
America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.
RT We The People want Mr Trump...
We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!! Great pic
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again! Thank you!
Thank you for the nice, and true, words on Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12.
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in in NYC. Ill be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight.
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jebs new slogan - Jeb can fix it. I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word fix is not a good one to use in politics!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio READ THIS
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singers, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs cant win
Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!
First Vote News Video Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President - Thanks Mike!
And youre still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. Im Black and proudly voting TRUMP!
Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio 3rd Poll
Watch FULL Speech Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA 10-31-15 on YouTube -
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time , money!
MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT
Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News - via
WATCH Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia A great day.
TrumpOur educational sys is ranked in the world-Get rid of Watch LIVE and CHAT
WATCH LIVE Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va.
The Posts latest on Trump From Trumps rally today in Virginia
This is the most focused Trump stump Ive heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia.
. John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said NO THANKS Waste of time , energy!
Few people know that is still in business. Tell your writer Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy.
Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago , most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President
so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were cancelled
saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO! So cute!
Agree This is The Only Time have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!
I wouldnt be watching at all!!! Honestly!
you were great in it!! Thanks!
no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not been in them
has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that , will vote Trump! THANKS!
this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP
I wouldnt watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 113. Trump all the way.
Leading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasnt in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC 3rd. Explain to Daniel Henninger!
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
. said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought Id do his show, on Monday 230pm EST.
Evangelicals dont like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa
surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost
And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knockem dead Donald! Thanks!
DO A FLYOVER USS WISCONSIN! Cool idea, we will try!
The Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya
I told you so- just lost its top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as SIR!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount just kidding!. EVERY other poll had me
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
So true! Vote and have America greatness back to where it belongs The United States of America.
We need a REAL change. you are the only1who can stand up,
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesnt have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
Donald Trump I Think Obama Hates Israel
Trump Rights Ship on Immigration Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor.
Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60
I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. Nice.
. on his naked young and carefree days and pal Donald Trump Rod, album is great!
Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali?
you are always many steps ahead of the game! Thank you.
Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again. Cool!
Republican is 28, support for Carson is 23. Poll used by last month
Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets? YES, YES, YES!
. Great job on tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate
Everyone under 10 in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP Great idea!
DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD
Happy Birthday to my friend
Via The Political Insider Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you for your wonderful words. We will
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter,
Thank you for explaining to and and so many others that I am leading in almost all national , state polls.
Rubio an oratorliar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.
The only way anybodys gonna beat Trump is being better than he is. on
Thank you for the nice words on I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on with had a 40 ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20 over last week.
Post-Debate via Thank you!
I was on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
Another WIN!
The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !
I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS! Thank you.
Im not even american and I want to see win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!
Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president!
hell of a job
People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States.
We need a wall not a Rubio
This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... Thank you.
. Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
We Support You! And Believe that your Americas Hope Thanks.
Failing host a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! Thanks.
Via Who won the
CNBC poll Trump won
Thank you!
Dipshit lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4 calling out.
YES!
TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL, RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING...
Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.
Once again haters gonna hate...hands down will always be
Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans.
DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. Thats like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?
Great, thank you!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
One thing I learned from Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make We will have strong deal makers
by the time youre done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie
they should just let you be president already, youre already leading in the polls.
keep youre momentum until you win over the White House
you have inspired us to
good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after
IS TRUTH! We want
Thank you and for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
62 said that won Debate Vote your stand
Gravis Marketing Poll leading. Great!
The money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!
100 SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED!
Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains , the Nation tonight!!!
The poll closed with declared the official winner.
showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd Thank you!
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win Poll.
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!
Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump
GREAT debate, way to go!!
WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
Thanks, Youre great!
The poll closed with declared the official winner. Thank you!
Thank you! MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the Poll!
Via Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top-
Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. Were standing behind you 1000
POLL TOTAL TRUMP 25.22 CARSON 19.78 RUBIO 9.67....
. Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - wont be happy!
Im sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32!
why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary.
The Liberals are terrified that youll be the one to go against Hillary.
get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.
is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!
Does anybody think that will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.
. can you believe Kasie Hunts poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. is a scam!
. continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump by a wide margin. They just cant say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
Debate night! is behind you 5000 National Lead TRUMP 35.6 CARSON 21.7
good morning. Easy on each other , finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.True
Via the Washington Post Inside the World of Donald Trumps Super Fans
DonaldTrumps and BenCarsons support up since Sept as they head into tomorrows
A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.
This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains , energy to Make America Great Again.
How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of leaving the podium to enter a crowd , listen to the concerns of a VET?
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon!
Loved seeing speak to the wounded warrior , his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
Via the Washington Post Inside the World of Donald Trumps Super Fans
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina.
At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!
composite national poll
WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES , OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event rally.
National GOP Presidential Poll via 35.6
Trumps National Lead Increases to 35.6 Going into the Third GOP Debate its Trump, Carson and Rubio ...
Thank you for the wonderful story.
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36! Very nice!
Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?
I agree hasnt be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that gives him a platform.
Im voting for too. Thanks.
Mike Tyson endorses Thanks Iron Mike, greatly appreciated!
Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nice.
Im 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries! THANKS.
Thanks to for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at w
There shouldnt be a problem with this election. WE THE PEOPLE finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016
How is any one taking Carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?
Dopey who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks, said last week on that Biden was in.
Watch my appearance on the from this morning
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. Theyre not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PACs , is self-funding.
I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4 to
Good job for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?
The more I hear Trump the more I like him!
Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
on TODAY moderates town hall, live from New Hampshire.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the there, live at 700 A.M. New Poll of New Hampshire Trump 38 Carson 12!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media wont.
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.
CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH Wow
Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.
TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!! !
Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner.
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
Wow, imagine what hell do as President. Thanks FORD LISTENED TO ME, GREAT!
Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70 of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton!
Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep!
We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can
Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves... for .
this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing Great!
TRUMP is Unstoppable Thank you.
needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause . is our choice
Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday!
. Great numbers from Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!
Do you believe that is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
. Poll - WOW! New Hampshire TRUMP 38 CARSON 12 BUSH 8 South Carolina TRUMP 40 CARSON 23 CRUZ 8 Iowa TRUMP 27 CARSON 27
Watch my interview on Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media wont report!
Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 247
. rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy Great!
Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side.
Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President,
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 1030 on
Watch at 900 A.M. Then interviewed on at 1000 A.M. and then, at 1030 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life well, maybe a nurse. I have created tens of thousands of jobs, its what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 900 A.M. on Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well. Cute!
20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 Wow, so nice!
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money U.S. GOVT.
Doug Ross Journal AWESOME Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbis via
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 900 A.M. on Enjoy!
Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!!
Trump has figured out Jeb Bushs greatest weakness as a candidate, and its not his energy level
Trumpachusetts Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters AC360 Thanks, great news
Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again I fully agree!
They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes POLL - ABC News - via
has no money, hes meeting today with mommy and daddy, and theyre working on his campaign.
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 via A.J., thank you, soooo nice!
Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
TRUMP JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HES MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CANT RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN
. is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he cant manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
. had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scotts forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!
. is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign , not enough talking about Americas future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live!
I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning.
Will be doing a sit down interview with on Sunday morning at 900. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in Miami.
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donald Trump to host Saturday Night Live
YouGov National Poll Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge
A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016
Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one..
Never thought Id Say...Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners cruzdevil rubioRAGE AGAINST WOMEN carsonJUST TELL ME WHY
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of greatly appreciated!
Remember, official campaign merchandise hats, apparel etc. can only be bought at Be careful, dont get ripped-off
Cant wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!
Trump blows them all away! Hes our next president!
Donald Trump Hands Fox News Sunday Its Biggest In 6 Years Great!
For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it rain dollars, that is Very nice
Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe, thanks for not running!
Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at reading from the script. . She is no leader
who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of 09. Congratulations!
Trump Nears 100 days on Top via The Hill
people are for you keep up the good work and we will win this and
WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs!
Can u believe that Jeb Bushs campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? Whats he giving to Germany?
I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrats debate is because of
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him , his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. Old Post Office
. was just voted the hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Travelers prestigious Readers Choice Awards
New poll by ABC NewsWashington Post TRUMP 32 CARSON 22 RUBIO 10 BUSH 7 Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
Rasmussen now beats 38-36 nationally
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America at 700 A.M. will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out Boston HeraldFranklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP 28 up 10 CARSON 16 BUSH 9 RUBIO 6 CRUZ 5 Press will say they are surging!
. at 700 A.M.
Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan
Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. Im happy this was discussed.
I have never loved a candidate as much as I love I cant wait for him to make America great again! Nice!
well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.
There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz hes the real thing, not a politician
first time I can ever vote and youve got mine! I want to make America great again!!! FANTASTIC!
We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington, Iowa tomorrow! See you there!
The establishment can try all they want to keep from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!
Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
Your opponents have no idea what theyre dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius.
. you were GREAT on tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America tomorrow at 700 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
Trump is the only candidate that Ive ever been excited about
Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!
. at 1000.
Our new President will provide something weve never had before. even if it hurts.
hits his highest poll number yet, make small gains
Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump I love the VETS.
. Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41 - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on tonight at 1000. You will find it very interesting I hope. Enjoy!
no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
Donald Trump tops Franklin-PierceHerald poll at 28 percent in N.H.
Lots of great new polls--big leads!
I will be on tonight at 10 PM
Bill Clinton wants to
Many Hispanics agree with on enforcing the border Trump for President
Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald . TRUMP 2016 Great!
I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at
Great job you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the thx 4 defending
Tonights official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks!
See, the attack very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision.
Via Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 911 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses
Interesting reading re September 11th
NEW POLL Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW!
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on last Friday-
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesnt happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher , sharper
Its really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Our passion for is amazing!
HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes?
Hey --&gt, FLASHBACK Jeb Bush Admitted Leaky Immigration Led to 911 WOW!
We finally have a voice with
i dont care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED
Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is by
The problem is was a weak establishment candidate who couldnt even turn out the base. Weak at best!
why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesnt represent what our party is about.
Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down
George is full of Crap SC Element TVs Are CHINESE MADE. WHAT A LIAR!!
Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS
The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is . He is such a sourpuss, HATES
Best thing my supporters can do if you dont like the way and her puppets unfairly treat us is dont watch her show!
So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
Im watching it again right now in California
Cant wait for to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did! Wont happen!
We want Donald !! Yah next president! We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great interview! Thanks
A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!!
Pampered who never had a real job has no problem wUSA losin jobs 2 foreign countries
It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again. Trump 2016
Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America!
THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!
Again SNL 1017 exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, , GOD forbid next Prez
So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!! Thank you.
we were attacked on ur brothers watch. Thats not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq , 911
The TVs made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. is right
is correct u cant allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge of jobs.
Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on at 600 P.M.
I believe can make AMERICA GREAT again Thank you!
Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.
Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio.
Cant Stump the Trump
Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America
GW Bush was open borders like TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!
An Incredibly Strong Interview Of Good Response IC Those NaySayers dissapating!
Couldnt have said it, better... Nothing fake about you, sir.
Dude, s tactics are just on a level weve never seen before.
Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately fake conservative
right. Trump on 911 happening on Bushs watch With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Just reported by CNN that the Trump halo effect caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
Its amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 200 P.M. on - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 200 P.M. on Big statement made by Chris!
I dont think will cave. Theyve seen ratings soar with and Money matters!
Trump wins, hands down Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke.
Get a life George Will. USA doesnt make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
never thought Id say this but sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didnt keep US safe
One of the best interviews I have seen!
Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the
Chris Wallace After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
Of course theyre going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! Thanks.
is what we need to fix this mess! Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!
just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee!
Does everyone remember and his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47. He was done. I dont need his angry advice!
. and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
. can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to Obama!
Loving interview. Thank you.
.
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but thats only because Im on it kidding! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 900A.M. or 1000 A.M. depending on your location on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls. Thanks Clayton
Amazing! Thank you!
Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.
I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!! What a fantastic evening!
Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone
At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visas for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 900 A.M. or 1000 A.M. depending on location. Will be tough but good!
NYPost gets it, you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he gets it too, and youve got his vote
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
Via Business Insider Donald Trumps Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing-
Via CNET Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say-
. is on the front page of the waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people no pic!
Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond.
. you did a fantastic job tonight on Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!
. like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide!
No youre pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
Ive never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as
. the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice , did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 911.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed!
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner.
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing Magazine, Sloppy Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
A great new poll-33!
Nice story from
. Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
Hahahahahahaha...love it! Choo choo...all aboard!
You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS
Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.Thanks
Well, is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is - Thats sad, eh!?
the truth prevails when it is so obvious. is a force that is unstoppable
Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !
Grt interview, Im telling ya, children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him , his campaign
. was FANTASTIC on this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
. has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?
Did you also hear Megyn say Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls OUTRIGHT LIE! Hatred!
Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused , make your own narrative. Its working
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I dont watch
. is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt , Marc Threaten a Bushy who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.
is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment
Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will for ALL of us.
.Met a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughters help. Shes a throughly impressive person.
Will be on tomorrow with Enjoy!
Why is the being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring
. is pushing the around by asking for extra time and no criteria in order to sell more commercials.
The should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
. joined , was asked about his thoughts on Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! ,
Signing my tax return....
Im very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy!
with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!!
Just did Will be back on at 11pm on
is in it to win it.
I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every eventintvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
RT . I have thousands of Hispanics working for me , they like me very much.
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina great
. did an excellent job of hosting the last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNNORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast!
was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on HillaryWow, a really tough one!
Dem debate message summary More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!
Thank goodness is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!!
sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015
I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns
they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
OMalley destroyed Maryland.. True, he was a disaster.
watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA
Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING Americas veterans!
These 5 make look like Winston Churchill Cute!
his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding Thanks.
After poor performance, waffling in debates, should support
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
I cant wait for to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
The only winner of the is This is not a great debate - a little sad!
isnt on the stage, turning this garbage off
How amazing is it that the trending topic is talking about the than the debate itself
Why did Hillary get to skate past the Do Black Lives Matter Anderson let her off hook!
I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two at least should not be on the stage.
I couldnt even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the debated any one of these five jabronis
Yada yada...Its a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! Thanks.
I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
Webb is trying to be and its not working. He is not doing well!
This is one of the most dysfunctional debates Ive seen in my lifetime.
I love that NO group can buy
Who is winning the debate so far just last name?
we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!! Thanks!
I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting.
Support the NRA more then ever, needs to back who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
not watching debate....just your tweets Nice!
why is Webb there??
Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with and Lets make America great again!
Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
I think and are supposed to be on this stage
On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch and read comments.
These cats are like bad used car salesmen.
Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow!
if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
I miss
OMalley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
. was right... is boring these ppl are so scripted So far!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it!
imagine Chafey standing up to Putin
Webb is OUT!! Bad opening!
Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, Im out.
I have the on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Get rid of all of these commercials.
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.
Im watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trumps Tweets. Grab the popcorn
where are you? Im already getting bored and it hasnt even started
My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring
The interview tomorrow on will have better ratings than the
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
We need Trump Now!!! Make America Great Again!
following Donald is beautiful. If its not beautiful its not Donald So nice!
they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight. I hope not!
The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.
Id rather see be the debate moderator!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1 will be taking up so much time - but who knows, maybe a star will be born unlikely
Will be tough as they were with ? No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
. will be live-tweeting the via
cant wait for his insightful , intelligent tweets. You sound like a very smart person!
If wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win.
Live from New York- November 7th!
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th -- look forward to it!
Exclusive--Davi Trump, The Lion We Need
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia Iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.
Everybodys talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight.
Very honored Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds
I cant wait for live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Wont watch debate but will watch Trumps Twitter
cant wait for his insightful , intelligent tweets. Will be so much better than CNN!
Will be tough as they were with ? Not sure.. No way, they will be very gentle!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA , CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?
That feminist who called out Trump last night? Shes a Jeb intern. Jeb always gets caught, sad!
Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the
Dan Rather Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President I agree - thanks Dan!
Someone should inform that, despite spending millions of $s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat s D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Sorry link above not working. Heres good link and Jeb - apologize!
California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID.
. Sickening attempt. I hope . jumps another 10 points.
You Cant Stump the Trump
You are looking , sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to
Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?
Great Fox interview
time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets! Thanks!
That young girl asking if shell have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!
Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by on at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you.
Via RealClear Politics
doing a great job in New Hampshire today !
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
. praises good guy Trump and his upstanding and grounded kids
. was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 So true!
Tuesdays Democratic debate is missing just one thing Donald Trump. True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
I will be on Face The Nation CBS today at 1030 A.M. and Media Buzz Fox News at 1100 A.M. Enjoy!
They used to call Barry Diller the father of e-commerce-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100clueless on Internet
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, , I think its only fair that I go on w Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 1030am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with on will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
. with had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon.
. just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
Im leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and very smart this time - no games!
People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!
She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE!
. biggest Hispanic fan Hes my perfect man A great woman!
Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally!
The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!
Please dont ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it.
Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
ATL LOVES TRUMP!!! Thanks!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on Media Buzz with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 1100 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch on CBS , -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.
Good luck to the US Mens National Team in tomorrows CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game!
New Gravis Poll in NH just out Trump 32, Carson 13
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
Keep the faith. Elect and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.
With this months 224-page book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..
Thank you.
MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Judes Charity ...
Im Hispanic , has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland!
yeah, youre really wearing out your welcome. Whos dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!
True. Thanks.
Thanks.
Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowheres the info Hope to see you there!
I will be interviewed on Sunday 10AM on CBS. is a true pro!
the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again. Thanks.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.
Good luck! Enjoy.
on There is nothing Trump does that doesnt work for him.
Thank you for taking on the Establishment.They dont know what to do, do they?
you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! Thx
Will be interviewed on at 720. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
. ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future!
. is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!
Thank you!
rocks it everywhere he goes Thanks.
Thanks.
Website Exposing Marco Amnesty Rubio Goes Live A Donor Class Puppet? - Breitbart
The goal is to be the winner Donald Trumps campaign is for real. Via The Guardian
This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America via Bloomberg Politics
Wow 5000 in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr !
we know this and thats why you will be our next President Thank you.
No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! Im excited.
WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CANT WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
I havent missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME!
Washington D.C. is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Its not going to happen with anyone else.
I would like to nominate for Speaker of the House What a great idea, she is a total winner! Nice
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
Im at Trump Intl Hotel in Las Vegas, tallestmost beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island 12 noon
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, youll understand why. Just doesnt have IT!
I hear is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers , ratings are way down , he has become irrelevantglad I didnt do his show.
Wacky who always seems to be crying worse than Boehner speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS FOR PRESIDENT!!! CANT WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!
This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger
I truly believe you are the best Thank you so much!
Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! Thank you.
Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
And hes still a consultant? For what? Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
tired of FOX bashing Trump , pushing GOP establish ChristieRubioBush
On the bright side Romneys loss gave us Donald Trump! So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
. made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39 ---Wow!
. has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesnt do something about the clowns and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate todays great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, dont waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
Dont worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !
NEW- 10615 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37!!
The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for
we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Lets make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016
Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.
At least came to her senses
Just In! 10615 Morning Poll Trump 18 Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6
Your Doing GREAT! Thanks.
Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump. So true!
pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! Hes winning over others too
He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on Keep it up!Make America Great Again!
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE MY VOTE. GREAT.
Guess Barry Diller is afraid is about to upset the crony applecart. An angry fool!
see u Sat in GA !! Great!
hope you win it all . Time for a change !!
My 2016 Vote will B based on NOT Eminent DomainAmericans need 2Prioritize
was great! is jealous that Trump didnt mention him. Its because SH is so wrong!
I enjoy every speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODYs going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
True!
I will be on with tonight at 6PM.
Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump via Washington Examiner
Crooked has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
. Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
You have my vote
great interview Trump!
is fired up on So are your supporters!!
Trump Shuts down Cuomo. I am not getting out. I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.
TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...
Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.
Great interview on
That was awesome, boss!
seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please dont go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU
Pew poll holds commanding lead
wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump, certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.
My choice just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.
Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..
Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marcos head
Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubios idea
Dont ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. Mark Levin interview was great
Love fest for DonaldTrump on just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!
9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama
- dont let the media , the elites push you out- Americans are with you! Thanks, I wont!
will
TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all yall who go after WILL FAIL
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise. Nice!
Were pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. - So true!
HEADLINES Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go
Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 830 PM eastern time. Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
Im leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, Im going to win!
When are you coming to Very soon!
DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein , Gaddafi than ISIS.
Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99 of people would be in jail for what she did
You said it best!
WATCH Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee via
Hollywood doesnt get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!
Will be interviewed by on at 1030 A.M.
Will be interviewed by on at 1000 A.M.
ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
RT i cant wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP...
RT Will be interviewed on at 830.
ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2
i cant wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER Thanks.
This morning on - sit down with in his NYC Campaign HQ
Okay okay was right LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.
Great Job Donald!!! Cant waite for you to be President and neither can America!!
FYI appeal grows!
Watched the roast of You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now Great.
I am Hispanic and will vote for
Thank you for the great this week!!!
Please dont roll over . You are this countrys last hope and our kids need you. Dont lose this deal !
The more the Progressives , RINOs poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!
. plays a way better fake than a real plays herself
If becomes we will finally have a Hall of Famer as President.
Its funny how they say doesnt give specifics but hes the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
I think I just heard ratings go up another 5
Tune in to see me on with at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on with tomorrow morning at 1030am ET on Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon!
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they love each other.They dont - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last establishment man standing against me.Great
I like gutsy brave guys like , I hate all those bloody hypocrites Thank you.
Cant wait for to be the next pres.
Thank you for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Overwhelming wins by in primaries will prove what will happen landslide in the general election.
Going to see tomorrow in franklin TN
DonaldTrump your kicking everyones ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
great numbers Thanks.
Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity
Itd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted Trumps immediate collapse
Trumps big lead in a new poll and whether Jebs stuff happens was taken out of context with tonight Thanks H!
Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot
You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!
Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016
RT Polling Convergence - OANGRAVIS and Reuters...
Dont slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Dont leave us with Jeb!
Polling Convergence - OANGRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35 Support... via
P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump
Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll Jeb Bush in Free Fall
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging in upstate, New York.
Congratulations to my brother Robert , Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County, New York Amenia. Great food!
Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!
Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president Team has a great owner!
Virginians stand with you sir!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow Saturday at 230 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
we love trump
I enjoyed interview with on Need more interviews like that. Thanks.
Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!
The HUGE DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow Friday on channel at 10am ET.
GO TRUMP, OUR GUY
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
IF ran more like and less like McCain, he wouldve won. Failed campaign tactics.
I will be interviewed on tonight at 1000. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote T
CNBCs John Harwood Today We dont have Superman presidents No DonaldTrump replied ..But we WILL if you have Trump!
The truth about Romney...he didnt want the presidency bad enough! He choked!
Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didnt fight hard enough. True!
How can Illinois keep off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
its sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.
. is trying to hit back at me because Im saying that he let the Repub Party down w his loss to Obama. Shouldve wonhe choked!
Thanks.
was right. wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why hes still running for his Senate seat
Latest finds at 37 percent approval, leading GOP in
Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!
Its hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 93015 intview
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. Its real. Thank you!
congratulations Don that was a great interview
. Great interview on
great interview with Thank you.
How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.
Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.
I just watched D Trumps interview on i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak!
Trumps Tax Plan A Proposal Reagan Would Approve? by Jeff Bell
I will be interviewed by tonight on at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate.
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root.
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA TodaySuffolk University Poll. Enjoy!
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents , is totally controlled!
Highly respected economist is a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just dont want a good country Thank you.
Just read that Trump has the largest and I add most enthusiastic crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great!
Carl Icahn said this about me I think at this moment in time, hes the only candidate that speaks out about the countrys problems.
Definitely watch s Danger Ahead. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at 1--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1!
MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners not 4 for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
The GOP Debate Scorecard Donald Trump and Energy by Wayne Allyn Root.
Zogby Poll Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
Will be doing with tonight at 7 pm re tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks.
First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for !!
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-
LIVE on Tax Plan Press Conference
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at
notice how your twits about are the most RT! We the American ppl love and want !
watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty
Thats exactly what I thought. We havent had great leader since Reagan,now Trump
All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.
Havent seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate.
When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - replies Its cheaper than wall paper... Ha!
Trump went way up in my poll when he said hed take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTINS BRILLIANCE AND TRUMPS. I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.
. announces his tax plan tomorrow morning
While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.
Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs
Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go!
Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.
Hope we all enjoy tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Time for real change, TRUMP 16
Trump will win, I know it.
we are tired of lies. Trump 2016
Ex-wife Ivana Trump says can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President.
Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this.
Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100!!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
Think about it. Whens the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever
An updated POLL tracker with all polls thru the weekend reveals I maintained a double digit lead at...
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
. The Donald Trump Ratings Bump Whos Benefiting Most?
. Trump on Boehner resignation Its a good thing
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill!
. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, , Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office-
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!
. the poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
They attack Trump for not giving policy is the most important detail, he WINS.
WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK
Just watched on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesnt have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll!
The failing news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
. which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward...
Bloomberg Trump leads GOP field
Despite the establishment and the medias best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll Trump Leads Big
So happy about my daughter announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on at 630 A.M.
Will be on at 700 A.M.
. owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent lost it tonight on He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to
. has been treating me very unfairly , I have therefore decided that I wont be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed.
Headline reads Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5, Rubio 19.2, Bush 11.3
. Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician.
I will be doing at 1130 on CBS. Enjoy!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco amnesty Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said dont go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the tonight at 1130
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world.
Morning Consult poll Trump Leads
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.
Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? Theyre Incredible!!
Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back...
will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?
would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo
is the only one who can get us out of this mess! True!
Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
Hey Donald your not alone. I cant watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.
Do what most of us are doing! Turn off There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!
I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner
WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO Thanks.
I have been since you started running , I noticed Meghan Kellys attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure. Yes!
Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family
and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network
They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.
Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!
What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.
thats ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!
you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. Its a marathon. True.
Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of Thanks Mark!
. is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesnt have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching
will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
Do you dream about Hes in your head. Let it go. She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
The way you have treated is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair
Cant even think what the race would be without you in it.
love you trump
this is bull fox. OReilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass
You dominate not because of them-but despite them,They need you more than you need them
Couldnt agree more!
theyre not Trump haters. Theyre spoon fed morons.
. why dont you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
. was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. not good for me!
touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
Via HuffPost Pollster
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by
I got to know wellhes a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes.
Zogby is respected in the business of polling the media is attempting to silence the message
I had a great time at
I just wrapped up a Q,A Thanks for all your questions!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Getting ready to answer your questions.
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it!
Jeb has been confused for forty years-
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs!
Send me your questions to answer live from later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!
touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.
could you make your interview with any more biased or...
You are great!!
here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obamas a Muslim
...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I dont get it...are they idiots?
you go trumpy, dont back down I wont.
On the Muslim issue It might help if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
On the Muslim issue It might help if he didnt take five years to visit Israel
I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girls vote!!!
Thanks and for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll!
The refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on now. Enjoy!
thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, and The NBC poll is more than double next, at 29. Fiorina has 11.
There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on at 1030. will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response
THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump Enough With the Nice! via
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum , I had a great time in Iowa today!
A great night in Iowa!
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country and around the world, their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that mans right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I dont think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow-
Ive just released my position papers on The Second Amendment.
Thank you.
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM! -- Donald J. Trump
Wow, great post-debate poll Trump Increases Lead via Breitbart
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by on at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide.
Just announced that in the history of last nights debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers , a thank you note?
The was amazing --- so much fun!
Winning the poll-
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win!
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe is milking it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
No one can imitate Trump. Hes one of a kind. I love him more each day. Thanks
We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami. Great.
Only 15 percent of voters said they would not back as the partys standard-bearer.
- Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.
More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I cant imagine they wouldnt!
The sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
. Rush, I am in LA inspecting property big job creator , listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good everywhere despite all lobbyist , special interest $ being spent against me. Im turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd , arena! Thank you
. asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Ill lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony says I will raise taxesjust another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said NO. Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 530 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me , on at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets , the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas!
Vets mistreated, NO border security? Im with this Tuesday 915 to Join us!
The event with me and in L.A on 915 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before theyre gone
Looking forward to joining Tuesday 915 in L.A. aboard the - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun.
To all my fans, sorry I couldnt do The Apprentice any longerbut equal time presidential run prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend who is doing next seasons Celebrity Apprentice. Hell be great , will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.
Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters
I dont know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for
please make this country great again , help secure our borders Mr. Trump, youre our last hope.
Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future? Yes.
Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Theres only one Ill never support
Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. Hell deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.
I hated to love it, but was hilarious on last night!
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. at 11th, with 2 in shouldnt be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, didnt get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. that is
Trumps Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times.
. thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on at 800. Enjoy!
Thats awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!
International Hotel , Golf Links. Luxury resort in on Irelands
Ignore the losers and the haters, you are going to make this country great again
Trump 96 success rate in business, only 4 out of 100 companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all
You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong-
I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump Thanks.
If doesnt become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. Nice, thanks!
you on Jimmy lastnight , how you showed you like to have funare able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. Great.
Carson on now. He is worse than Jeb, like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
blew it away on The ratings will be HUUUGE.
Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless!
What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Bradys performance yesterday? He was fantastic, a total winner!
Mr. Trump, you werent just HUGE on - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!
At the neighborhood bar talking about we need him We will make America great again!
You even made the show great again.
Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
If I was 18 Id vote for Thank you!
absolutely, hes just simply the best
loved the show....trump2016
is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - , jobs
Trumps polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on tonight. The young people are going to love him!
Backstage with before opening skit- great fun!
The Tonight Show will be amazing - 1130 P.M. ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside Tune in tonight at 1130.
. is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On with at 1130 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill No Tickets Left for Trumps Dallas Rally
. I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBCs half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100 -- stay tuned!
Lets all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 1130. Should be fun!
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1 in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Ive been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him....
The numbers are amazing!
Ill be on ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals am so proud of this and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the rally shortly- watch live here-
A letter to President Jeff Zucker-
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 100 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
While rallies tomorrow, will call China to ask for donations
we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
Ive just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was
Via Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal
Will be on Bill OReilly tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American 25 , Hispanic numbers 31.
Im on Bill tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to
Jebs policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brotherswow!
The lobbyists , special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!
Im self funding my campaign but lobbyists , special interests for Jeb , others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Dont believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters!
Thank you for your strength , wonderful words last night on but is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert.
Tomorrow in DC 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday 100 P.M. at the Capitol to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, Ill see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 100 oclock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 600 P.M. American Air Center
For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.
I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. spilled beans about 25k Thank you!
No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio , Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except jobs pres
Thank you for your powerful words on I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN together!
Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized Not good!
No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio , Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs
The letter is out, liars.
We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!
I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!
Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere
its good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent
Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump
Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.
vote for Trump
They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.
Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract donations from others
Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization
is gonna do some great things!
You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump Thank you.
. should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
Trump Leads as Bush Crashes No establishment andor pro-amnesty candidates
as long as we can stay strong and give our support. Hes the leader.
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 600 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 I said no, is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
do you see whats in Tom Bradys Locker?
Check it out, all the way from Wyoming! Thank you.
AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt, POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all.
Poll Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup Thank you!
If the presidential election were held today, according to this poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem
The hedge fund guys gals have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100 CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just cant read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasnt even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was vehemently against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Just announced that because of Trump, advertising rates for debate on are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000 increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on He is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical gotcha questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast, before it is too late!
. was terrible on yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. can do so much better!
Terrific response to my previous tweet Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. ...
So nice, thank you Laura.
Daily Caller Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll
Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. Will be great to be back in Texas.
Will be on in 5 minutes - at 700. Enjoy!
is there something to learn from success?
Obama left our American hostages in Iran.
I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.
The Pledge
LIVE on Watch major press conference live from now!
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just dont win anymore!
Obama left our American hostages in Iran. Sadly, so true!
. I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwideHuffPost Pollster
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as as seen on with
. Great job on this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran!
MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... Megyn, say thank you Donald! also should say thanks!
Will be interviewed on this morning at 700. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
revealed character and spirit. Even as changed subjects abruptly, spoke from heart.
Go
I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions. He is a joke!
Jeb bush couldnt shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...
Rove is suffering from defeatism.
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Keep the momentum going!
BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLES POTUS Great!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on you would think Im doing poorly.
Why does and always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
Im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to attack Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes!
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists , special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, thats why he has my vote! So true!
The just released Public Policy Polling PPP - national result is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD! Thank you
unofficial fight song via Such hard work and imagination-thanks
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29. I wonder why only has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Intl Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from
See, I told you so
This is no act of love as Jeb Bush said...
For those that dont think a wall fence works, why dont they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Herschel Walker Donald Trump is my frontrunner for president via
Trump Wins Tea Party Groups Nashville Straw Poll - Newsmax GREAT, THANK YOU!
Via TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT-
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... via
Will be interviewed by tonight at 1000 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
I love you Donald Trump! Ive never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like theres hope for USA
Love em or hate em is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.
Thank you
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamno interest!
From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-
Via CNN Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination
Trump wins
HillaryClinton she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists.
2016 !!!
Great job tonight on Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again
is the Real Deal, Baby. Thank you.
NEED A is back , will handle ,
Trump for President of the USA
Love you man! Im one of the silent majority thats so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!
. shouldve disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton , Univision is being sued by
Will be interviewed on at 700 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
. just watched you on Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!
Great job on tonight We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
. You were absolutely great on Thank you.
. Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network
Will be interviewed on the this morning at 700. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, , Alex Skarlatos.
True, thanks.
he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !
Because he speaks , acts like a real person, not like a slimy, calculated politician.
Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country!
Thanks.
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30. Carson at 15 and Bush at 9.
Congrats You just got 4 points in your home state of SCfar better than zero nationally. Youre only 26 pts behind me.
Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 900pm
... I LIVED IN NY WHEN TACKY PATAKI WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsins economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.
No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!
. did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence. Its not a fence, Jeb, its a WALL, and theres a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!
So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!
Ordered my Trump banner today. Cant wait!
The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From
People always take cheap shots at you,they cant handle the truth.You tell it like it is.Theyre cowards.
Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir Thank you.
No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of Leadership!
DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! Roll Trump Roll
The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .
Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT
Cruz is my secondthird choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP.
She has come back looking like Nancy Grace
Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox.
I liked The Kelly File much better without Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
. must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!
Via The Brody File The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump Thank you David , CBN News--so nice.
Via Intl Business Times Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank.
Thank you Greta.
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me-
Depression- be careful of China!
only can save us form this turmoil Perhaps so!
Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump
Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
When people start losing their savings , home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing remember read my lips, no more taxes. GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just cant get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on womens health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he cant even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but said the rooms capacity is just over 2000. But said Bernie Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
. covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!
That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!!
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
. You did a great job hosting Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9 from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - cant be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
Every Time I see address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! is Back
Great!
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back!
How crazy - 7.5 of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies, offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
agree. One of the things that is good abt is hes forcing others out of status quo politicking.
So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!
. cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members , criminals
must apologize. My statement were going to get them out so fast, so quick applied to hard core criminals , gang members. LIE
Behind the scenes video with Uncle Sam eagles name and me.
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot.
On the cover of Magazinea great honor!
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again!
Another great poll result! Thank you!
Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like The rest dont cut it. ALL WIMPS!!
DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official hat is now available online. To shop please visit -- it is selling fast!
. - Thank you and great job on tonight!
loved you on speaking truth has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, , will have bipartisan support
New CNNORC poll w 24 -- favorability rating on the rise while Jebs declines. 60 among women!!
Walker , Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 They sound like boys compared to Trump.
Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable.
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment , lots of jobs for U.S.
Two explanations on that seem no longer sufficient 1 Its early. 2 It is all a media creation.
. I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit for merchandise including my signature hat!
When foreigners attend our great colleges , want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
It does matter!
My official hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
Listening to on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!
An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters Weve won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And , - watch and learn
Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The shamers cant win against El Rushbo
I truly believe is Americas best choice to get our economy back on course , create needed jobs.
The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for to
agreed. We need as president ASAP.
It felt Like a moment of silence when U said DOESNT PLAY! Powerful Interview
just released immigration plan is superior to everyone elses. Including Cruz.
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
. Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason!
Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
LIVE on Good morning Iowa! Lets
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
. and should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED , The Apprentice to run for President!
People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt , folks were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest merchandise.
Not under my watch-
completely right on China...just watch the news
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest merchandise.
My official hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
The is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction , make Iran a force like never before.
Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... Hes the only one with the experience and skill set to do so.
Will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
Our online store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest merchandise.
why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016
. had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
. you can do much better than you did tonight on Better luck tomorrow!
Why is allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Youre iconic! You are going down in the history books! So nice, thank you.
...Dont give up, dont surrender your 3rd party OPTION
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
. Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
. I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.Im not surprised, youre a special person
. You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman What a couple!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes!
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy , assures me that Trump will be treated fairly on His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent discussion on show 5 years ago--I am the innocent pure one!
. Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on Show at 700 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 720.
No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are whats right for America!
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than I brought them the biggest ratings in history, , I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!!
Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.
You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to
You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the peoples hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you.
itll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote
Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!
. you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades.
Small crowds at today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that Trump won the debate. Only is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
. I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. weakness.
Re Megyn Kelly quote you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever NOSE. Just got on wthought
So many politically correct fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
ROBINSON Establishment didnt get Trump fall they want.... Thank you!
Newsmax poll 65 APOLOGIZE!
Newsmax poll 65 Another debate win!
your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!
The hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey should be fired.
. you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history , you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg Fox News Couldnt Kill Trumps Momentum, Made Him Stronger
TRUMP DOMINANT screams headline in todays Tampa Bay Times.
Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional
Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, was not fair to Trump
poll winner of last nights debate by wide margin.. 45 v.12 10
Dear , your attempted hatchet job on was unbecoming , a total failure.
Rosie ODonnell was the best answer of that whole debate
I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting on Election Day.
you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
TIME POLL wins the first by Wild Margin
final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina
Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again
my vote remains for trump!
Im s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love He speaks the truth!
is in a greater position w 52 to 12 even after , tried to take him out.
behaviour at the was astonishingly biased.
your rocked , won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump
Megyn could have done a far better job
They tried to take you out , your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not moderators.
I expected better from wondering what is her hidden agenda.
is that all youve got??? Haha.
WAS A DISASTER ALSO.
I gotta have in the White House thatd be such a game changer
Despite the hype, wins the debate by a wide margin.
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio, especially was not very good or professional!
. your so-called focus groups are a total joke. Dont come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
. I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins , so where did you find that dumb panel.
Im getting a lot of hatemail tonight. She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
. is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo will consider other programs!
The biggest loser in the debate was You cant out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
Excellent job! You are real , everyone saw that 2nite!
Wow! What a great honor from
When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out
Thank you readers- a great honor!
Wow! What a great honor from
Just arrived for the
I look forward to tonights debate -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
. who does a show called Bob Massi Is The Property Man on really knows his stuff--a total pro!
Anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch
The only reason most viewers will be watching the tonight...
Tonights, The GOP aka show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.
NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesnt bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too
My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. Hes 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald
We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can
I cant remember a candidate that Ive been this excited about dont let us down! We believe!
Sunset reflects on tower in Las Vegas. What a view!
backs down from nobody!!
The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to tell you all you need to know.
Yup. And Clintons leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.
Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters.
Sure they want Mr. Trump out. He cant be bought.
Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate bc she is afraid of The Donald. True!
AmyMek Amen! has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor!
Poll Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34 Favorability
If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.
only attacks those that attack him first. Hes not going to be abused by a
it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again!
You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BSs
Thank you.
make America great again. Were running out of time!
Thanks.
best response ever! Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jebs name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich, will have total controlknow them well.
Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald. Thanks.
Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyerpolitician. Our founders werent.
the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don
Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJNBC News Poll
All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016! I do love winning!
Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border Thats getting great attention Go Trump
Id be proud to say the first President I voted for was
oh yeah you dont want it to be all about Trump- hes 1 not
You do realize isnt the enemy - is.
Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerityon the other hand Hillary is a total liar
winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016
I will be on tonight on at 8 PM and 11 PM.
92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump
Thank you Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and stands by it.
we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the Peoples choice, we want truthfulness
Will be interviewed on at 73O. Enjoy!
TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH
Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly.
Trump is surging, leading,, breaking EVERY poll because
Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it.
Thank you for your nice comments on A lot of progress is being made!
My question for the other candidates-
Like Trump more , more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear , understand, He loves USA
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water.
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
. Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on Great seeing you there , you did a fabulous job on commentary.
. Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody , is miserable.
Wow, did the fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates , not him
We have to vote for ! Our nation cant afford another
I cant wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for
Its a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!
youll be the first person I ever vote for.
Bush is pretending that the Trump surge is great for him and the is reporting Bush delight - con job, a Bush nightmare!
huge supporter out here in Alaska! Lets make this country great again!
How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.
WE LOVE U TRUMP
will win every state in 2016.
Ive been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something
got up extra early to watch Mr. Trumps interview Great.
Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!!
. Polls show would be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today.
TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....
Only those who arent brain-dead. Time to take back our country , Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.
AMERICA WANTS TRUMP
-
looking forward to it!
Ill be watching it. Cant wait until you become our president Trump.
RT I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 700. Enjoy!
Trumps the Man of 2016!
There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest ever! Thanks
Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
Well be watching. 2016! Will
Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!! Thanks.
Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!
I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 700. Enjoy!
Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! twitter edge
The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
He has MY vote too!
. will get things done for America
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with on today at 1130AM ET
is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.
Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians hes running against. Cowards.
Difference Between Politicians and Pols Are Bought , Paid For. Trump Cant be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right. -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place , Womens British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow.
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. lies.
Thank you for your service!
Thank you.
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing.
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night , it is certainly my intention to be very nice , highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there , will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles , misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong , he hates it!
The alpha male in the 2016 race He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, , hes his own backer
The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
Hes not for sale like the politicians are! Thats why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez!
we love , thankful
I love the fact you cant be bought...
Just updated voter registration in FL
Latinos for Trump believes in Trump
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Womens British Open biggest tournament. Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers members of my P.B. Club, but I dont want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you.
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt , others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt after she DESTROYS her illegal email server ...
Via by Shock poll Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20 ... in Florida
You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word American is problematic -- WHAT?!
Trumps work ethic gives me hope - hes a tireless and smart worker a winner not a whiner.
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
. Why is somebody Beck I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump all over television. She knows nothing about me.
.CNN , Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost I even got legal fees. I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
. , did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
Public Policy Polling PPP has just come out with a major poll putting me with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
.DonaldTrump leads w Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom.
Via by TRUMP OBAMA SHOULDNT ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARYS EMAIL WAS CRIMINAL
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnt get it.
While Im beating my opponents in the polls, Im also beating lobbyists, special interests , donors that are supporting them with billions.
Governments first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives. Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets
Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked
PLUNDER AND DECEIT via by
Via cnsnews by Trump Explains His Appeal People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians
. will go down as one of the dumbest , most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader!
Via by Poll Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire
My int. with on Obama being all talk , no action , making America Great Again!
We must protect our veterans.
Thank you for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a fan!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
The people of NH know what the American people know Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things
veterans for Trump 2016
McCain hasnt done anything for the Vets, fact! He only talks about himself!
toast. Dems had better get theB Team off the bench. for Attorney General under President Trump
. was fantastic tonight on Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for the great job you did on Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
We love him! I love his truth telling. That hes so real and calls it how he sees it.
, Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from about making America great again
Will be interviewed tonight on at 1000. There is so much to talk about!
Bostons Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I dont want him negotiating for me!
Donald Trump leads in new polls..
Ill be on tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss! Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Womens British Open, one of worlds great golf tournaments. Back soon to
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womens British Open there this week. Ill go for two days , back on trail.
The Media hates Trump bc hes a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed , calls out their lies
. who couldnt get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate 99.2
Twitter loves Trump. 1000s of retweets for Mr. Trump while gets 5 to 10
Thanks Lou.
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again!
Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent via by ,
Via by Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls
More people r gravitating to because theyre tired of all the usual BS
Thanks.
No wonder why is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!
. While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch I will win!
Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, is speaking the truth.
is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White , Blue.
I dont get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but wont give him credit, they say he wont make it?? 60 of us say yes
youre damn right we want the truth,weve been lied to 4 years and weve had it.
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wont be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, Im now leading in most polls w new CNN poll also having me NBC, I am in NH by a lot, in Iowa, close , gaining.
Caught speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.
Thank you, Greta.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will
Mr Trump youre a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
Agreed! We need you!
Ive been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.
Great speech in Iowa....ObamaKerry throw Israel under the bus.
Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.
Before Mr. Trumps Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.
I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !
Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.
We SHALL make America great again.
ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and its his fault.
will shake up politics like no other ever could or will.
Team Trump all the way!
Our leaders are dummies. They dont know whats going on. Its true, theyre incompetent.
America needs !
Outsider Donald Trump assesses , addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?
The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
Politician Have Been RunningRuining America For Years, Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016
. You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters cant stand , whos over stayed his welcome?
MSM cant push DonaldTrump around. No More PC Political Hacks!
Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Lets Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016
I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Lets Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016
attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.
JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....
Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump True!
In full support of for No reason he shouldnt win the nomination.
and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT
.DonaldTrump Ask why he left 1,000 WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the Potawatomi
Im a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESNT mean ILLEGAL
. is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE.
AMEN. Thank you Trump
College students love trump. Never change. Great.
GIVE THEM HELL.
I just listened to this speech and loved it!
Trump is the only candidate who doesnt test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why cant he do the same with America?
DonaldTrump-Love him! Its time to run America like a business. Weve given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
Hats off to for sticking it to liberal msm. A horrible newspaper, failing badly.
If I were Walker, Id be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals
veterans for Trump 2016
Whoa! shoots up to 28 in YouGov from 15 two wks ago, outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
Please dont change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!
Tweet of the Hour in USA politics by
you got my vote Thanks.
TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nations heroes. We will Make America Great Again!
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa.
. despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
. Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
. is a big contributor to . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macys.
Isnt it funny that I am now in the money losing poll, and by a big margin. Dummy must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Trump in office restores US swagger.
Donald Trump if he stops running for president hes not what we the people think he is. Will never happen!
the Donald is crushing it
Big poll just out by has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
youre going to turn America around Donald I can feel it
Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!
MY GOD! WHY cant the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!
In my Lifetime Ive Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. Woke up about 300 Million people
if trump is not on that stage no one will watch So true!
Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more
If not for Donald, whod watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES
I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said hed lose. Reagan WON.
Via by DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL
Isnt it amazing that paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--, then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you Its time to I hope you are doing well!
. has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
I appreciate that you dont apologize when someone is offended by what you say.
True!
True, thanks.
Via EconomistYouGov 7242015
Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!
Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.
12 of new California drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac Bee, July 17th. Go getem, Trump!
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again!
Be sure to get a copy of new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo.
Arriving to check out the border.
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We cant send another politician to the White House
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
. watched you on You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!
Great read How New Yorks Veterans Day Parade Became Americas Parade
Heres a crazy thought. Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HES RIGHT?
What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT natureDonald is shaking up the house!
True.
clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and wont bow down to other world leaders!
Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there.
Thoughts , prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
Youre just not getting there Sometimes things just dont work out, but dont worry--- no problem!
Been a long time since Ive cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. Thats changed bc of YOU. Love U!
. watched youon Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Dont let the press put words in your mouth! Awesome job at the border! Youre doing great!
If all the Hispanics hate the why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?
I like . He isnt fake. He tells you the truth not what you wanna hear.
Great!
is the only candidate that isnt politically correct and that speaks the truth on whats on his mind!
is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! Im for him 110. Thanks.
Thanks.
Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!
True!
Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer ...
travels DonaldTrump Cant wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
please be careful Thank you!
Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion.
Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
. Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim OBrien-dumb guy with no clue!
Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA , telling it like it is!
Congress Cant Find Money for Veterans Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals Gives Iran over $200 Billion
MCCAIN WHO? Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation ...
Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and cant be bought Democrat for Trump
Boycott no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!
. Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer Obrian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits , take them from disabled Vets
The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe
America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
Hey check out Access Hollywood Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!
. you were terrific on tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!
We dont know Trump positions , hes dominating polls. should learn we dont want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches
I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.
. knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNCs voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions.
is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS
Via by Brody File Exclusive Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban
Its going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Lets Make America Great Again!
Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again!
Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by on tonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers , bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Donald Trump on VA woes Id fire everybody, you fix it by getting Trump elected via by
Via BreitbartNews by DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER
Thank you for your commentary last night on Very fair -- we are making progress together!
Im going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
. in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!
True, thanks.
keep punching, Donald! Trump it!! Trump is telling the truth!
Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run!
No matter what says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like is he for real Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan! Thank you.
I dont care what people say, I love confidence
you dont want Trump as president, then you dont want what your great grandfather fought so hard for
Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
Many are missing the point, the US needs to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
Trump is the Alpha of the candidates, the rest are betas!
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling No Fox!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa
All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Lets Go
dont get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors cant handle the truth.
GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a retail politician.
Im glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. Its about time!
Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
Response to the Des Moines Register-
Via by , Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering
. Youre one of the truly great competitiors. Ive said it for years. Great going winning - Not surprised!
. is much smarter than sleepy eyes Thanks to Steve Bannon , real reporters.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isnt that what everyone has been wanting from a President?
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
support surges even higher after statement. Why? Trump is a fighter.
If Donald Trump isnt my president by 2017 Im gettin the hk outta here!
I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!
Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-
The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it
Donald Trump is the man. And people dont appreciate his honesty. Thank you.
Im , I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the out of this mess!
Im a veteran. Im not offended by Trump
Im very sure that does things excellently
Cant Be Bought -
but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW McCain lies.
check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Miapow records
Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!
doesnt need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man So true.
Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists
Keep going on, you can win!
Wow, new preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain!
your the only person who really wants to save America
ive never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America
Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And theres no need to mention Dr. Carsons education!
we need your help Donald! Make us great again!
The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job.
Proud of you keep cutting through the and tell it like it is
Keep going Mr trump America needs you
America needs !!!
Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about and nothing about BernieSanders
Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.
You nailed it on tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us
Im convinced. Lets go Trump.
Youre killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!
. - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR
ON TOP The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit Heres the result
It doesnt matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think Keep It Up!
Im going to listen to LONG before I listen to georgelopez
SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These are living in hell.
Ill watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.
Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy.
I will be interviewed on tonight at 800. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, its about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldnt do the Apprentice that they became upset w me. They couldnt care less about inclusion
I agree 100. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.
...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE
the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?
Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?
Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty
I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA , yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing
hosts events around the 4our Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.
This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why resonates!
At least were talking about the We werent a month ago!
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling which is worth about 110 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.
RT My piece Trump I dont need to be lectured
The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!
you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years.
Will make the best President ever
WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
...what do you say now???
Voters LIKE tough and smart... thats why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!
Gotta love the honesty
trump for president
thats all the career politicians do is talk
...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking
Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!
The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!
They cant handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you wont walk away! Give it to them
McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle.
My piece Trump I dont need to be lectured
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!
Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals cant stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
kick there ass Trump
Im on the
Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH!
Wow, just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Via Donald Trump John McCain Is A Loser
Why would anybody listen to He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, for taking a tough , bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
Its a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain-
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant Presbyterian. GREAT.
The $10 billion net worth is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but , is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved and does not cover me accurately. Why cant they get it right - its really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Its driving , the money losing post crazy that I am in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment. I am in Huff Post Poll.
. makes me proud to be an American So nice, thank you!
your what America needs Donald! Thank you.
it doesnt matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS
has all of my support!!
The has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!
if you dont win Im moving to Europe. We will all win together!
This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election
for our next President !!
am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primarys and Mr Trump has my vote
.Amazing!Thank you.
. really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I wont forget.
Response to Huffington Post-
Via
Via by
Via
Gods word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now. -
Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday gun free zones at military bases.
Via March,2013 Jeb said he was open to...pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants Lying on campaign trail!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Lets Make America Great Again!
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had 68. The is fed up with what is going on in America!
The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, hes the man for the job. Id love to see him Prez.
It would be to cool if was the president. Thanks!
Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
. failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
. just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesnt understand what the word demagoguery means.
. should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. called them crazies--must apologize!
CNN New GOP polls show Trumps favorability is up
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments programs, once launched, never disappear. Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail Its the Bush way!
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Lets Make America Great Again!
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house. Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey ODonnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.
FLASHBACK Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastors Freedom in Iran via
Via by Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery
Via Trump is Right Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery
30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP via by
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!
Via by Steve Bannon TIME TO GET TOUGH TRUMPS BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO
as a legal immigrant Im so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here Thx
The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.
They are great people!
Thank you.
I literally give a fist pump when I see tell things the way they are , calling out those with no credibility
And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.
Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!
we never shopped at Macys anyway , will now encourage three daughters not to as well
. wasted $400 million and didnt win one racea total loser.
. You shouldnt have on the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!
. Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact!
. Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
GO TRUMP
I hope the boycott of continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macys stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy Penn. Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown sweats and shakes nervously on as he talks bull about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in 12.
Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is. So true!
Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere , no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that
its been a long time since Ive been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!
Thank you Piers.
. You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support. Best wishes.
. is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today via
. should not put onhe has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown on Spent $430M , lost all racesa Bushy!
. Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister , family are amazing.
AMAZING press conference by w parents of kids killed by illegals.
Its way worse than we know.Just read educated!!
I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP
HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.
Via The Hill Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week
Would the people of US prefer a liar or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!
We are no longer silent. We are energized , ready to take our country back. Lets Make America Great Again!
Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country.
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Who do you want negotiating for us?
Response to Hillary Clinton-
I cant believe that President Obama isnt able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Lets Make America Great Again!
Matt Harvey -- Dont let the get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!
love you, please fix america!
LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories , warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!
Obama - just retire Im ready for a real Leader !! Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Its time, he has paid a big and very long price!
Huffington Post has in first place in the polls
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macys
Very nice - has me in first place at 18 and Bush second at 14
I absolutely support Kates Lawin honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Part of me really, really likes The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit.
Rush Limbaugh Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration
Have some fun with this-
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our borderits been revealed he has CA drivers license.
Mexicos totally corrupt govt looks horrible with El Chapos escapetotally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w my statements on border security.
. Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez.
Isnt it interesting that now that Im in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
SAY IT LOUD , SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, Mexico is sending...., which turned out to be true? El Chapo
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico through the border. We get the killers, drugs , crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our leaders cant say no!
.....but thats what Ive been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I cant imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes is killing Meet The Press. Isnt he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexicos biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix dont want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
Via by TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Lets Make America Great Again!
Great segment with Breaking Down the Trump Factor Lets Make America Great Again!
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Lets Make America Great Again!
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Lets Make America Great Again!
Via by Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix
I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal, via
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas Freedom Fest - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote!
Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them? Everywhere!
The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!
The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100 terrified of you !!
I love what you want to do with this country!!
Arent U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants
Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .Im literally hanging on your every word
when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article
Boycott and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
both fools , out of touch with reality! We need Trump.
Theres no republican field at all. When the is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016
The Republicans who want to cut SS , Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again!
Via by Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011 People Send Me Bibles
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Lets Make America Great Again!
Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume via by
I love that thousands of people are boycotting and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 200 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston , their spouses.
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Lets Make America Great Again!
Please follow ...We already know what all the other politicians will do.
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center.
Via by Polls show President Trump may not be so far-fetched
I want to
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!
Stay the course Mr. Trump! Its easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they wont.
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
Via WHOA Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to Build a wall! Lets Make America Great Again!
Im on tonight , 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.
Via by Trump RNC call was congratulatory
EXCLUSIVE DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY via by Katie McHugh
Via by Katie McHughPOLL DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Lets Make America Great Again!
True, thanks.
let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know are a huge problem!
Thanks.
TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both
thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote.
Via TRUMP HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE CRIME WAVE LIKE YOUVE NEVER SEEN via
Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration via by Jason Devaney
Trump Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate. Youre pissing off all the right people in the GOP.
Why does a failed magazine like constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down.
Dummy Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy from failing magazine NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer from failing magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important...
keep up the tempo and dont listen to the RNC! You are correctly presenting what people want.
Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC , will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth.
Via Stop Complaining About Donald Trump
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on last night. He is far smarter than our repsincrease sanctions and walk!
Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely
a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most wont point out. Borders big problem
Totally false reporting on my call with Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a nerve, doing well, end!
Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think its hell. Give em hell Donald
, rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like - affects everything in society.
The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no.
Krauthammer sold some books, now His Pomposity thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!
both fools , out of touch with reality! We need Trump 45
Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. Thank you.
He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of and
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jebs brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Via by Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement
Via by Ben Graham Border Reports Back Up Trumps Rapists Claim
Thank you --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time
just read going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday That is correct. I look forward to it
Via by TRUMP UNLOADS Hillary Clinton was the worst and is extremely bad
America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.
Me too. No more shopping at Macys.
Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did
Via by Fredy Riehl Donald Trump Talks Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones , Self Defense
now I know where not to watch or shop account closed
Dear I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.
stay strong D. The last thing America needs is the same old politician.
. Thank you for your support this morning on Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
. Thank you for being so fair this morning on appreciated.
Via by Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals , more!
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Lets Make America Great Again!
Via See, Trump Told You So
RUBIOS GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
MUST READ-Its time people listened to Trump, says mother of gunned-down teenage football star SECURE THE BORDER!
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their credit card. Thats great.
Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit , Run of Family. is not wrong.
Im not sure why people are mad he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for
. U were great last nite on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--Ill get it to stop , fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didnt vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to
If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, id be as rich as Im happy as hell hes running!
I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION! Thank you!
We have got to take our country back. Its time!
In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US
If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on.
The Establishment GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit Congrats Donald youve got them nervous.
Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL!
I have a Macys store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans
not shopping there again!
Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! Thats why he will be our next President!!
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.
As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester , crowd was energized , hungering 4 real leadership.
donald I dont have to tell you , your doing something right
BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support
DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!!
Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!
The huff post pollster has trump in first place ahead of jeb bush
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican govt is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Lets Make America Great Again!
Flashback Jeb Bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an act of love He will never secure the border.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesnt see , cant solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the fed-up American people.
Saw where you supported on to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.
Donald Trump and 2015 2016 Considerations... via I just signed up to support Mr. Trump
Late night confessions I think Donald Trump would be a good president
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!
Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades. via
Saw where you supported on to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you. Thanks Ted!
good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America youre the only one thats real
I agree! Romney needed cajones - all Im saying!
Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican whod been deported 5 times
Dont worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too
DonaldTrump Keep it up! Theyre attacking you because theyre afraid. Youre winning! We who love our country have your back!
More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump,respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump
How is it possible is having a 4th of July sale, when its against Freedom of Speech?
.We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it . Thank you!
Praying continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It wb so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!
has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed.
America will be restored under Mr. Trump.. God Bless America.
Im voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama
3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. echoes Americans
keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL!
, couldnt carry s gym bags.
I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine
Via GAME ON TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB
the blue! I dont care WHAT says or Screw them! Im voting 4 you, Mr. Trump!
Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!
TRUMP IS THE MAN
Im probably going to vote for simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.
You never give up Hope you win. youre my choice
But still, we put our trust in and he FAILED us.
You have my vote already! We dont need another Obama, its time for someone who knows how to lead!
I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license.
STAND WITH TRUMP 2016
Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!
NEVER GIVE UP. Youre our last hope!
I cant wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Thanks.
. More than a few voters may
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrumps stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals.
This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals.
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women in front of her father in San Fran. Get smart!
I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio
just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ALL are criminals , rapists ..
Mr is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense.
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!
I will be on this morning at 830. Enjoy!
Cta driver just tweaked Im voting for
This is why we need He tells it like it is!
He says what others are too afraid to say, the truth!
Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up
Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !
The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it.
for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump. Thank you.
Say it LOUD , PROUD ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION Is an Attack on Our Country!
Donald Trump cant be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader.
Trump San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration via
Via by Trump San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration
. you never speak well of me , yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
. what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed bc we cant secure our border? Stand up for US
that speech was inspiring Trump Im with you
Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken
sucks when says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place bc of our unsafe border We need a wall!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it.
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. We need border security!
Via by Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa
We need jobs , we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Lets Make America Great Again!
Via by NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is Not the American Way
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - President Ronald Reagan
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
is not a politician, hes the leader that America needs
is 100 correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.
youre the only reason Im registering to vote , first president Im donating to!! Thanks.
thank you for standing up for America lets make this country great again!
id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. Youve got my vote
full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!
Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know hes not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton
I support and I as well will no longer give my business to . Great!
So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?
Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is.
Yes In Deed!!
never voted but your getting my vote
Obama calls immigrants gang bangers,criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people
In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
hey youre the man Trump. Fight the fight
you are next President USA Make America Great Again!
In Chicago were still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!
only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land
If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an honest POTUS.
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but thats O.K., I like him anyway!
I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.
My Grandma from and Mom in just said they wont shop at again.
TO VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP.
you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth
Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard.
So ready for to do this! Keep it up, youve got em scared!
shame on you Macys. Whatever happened to freedom of speech
Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!
Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!
called them gangbanger , criminals
The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. will set it straight!
your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs
The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!
They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.
Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trumps comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context
I didnt know Macys was still in business. Oh well, still not going there.
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Lets Make America Great Again!
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak , ineffective. Double the sanctions!
amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!
Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online , millions of us will continue to buy your products.
you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!
I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean Thx
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our countrys core. We must build a wall!
New orders for manufacturing down 910 months Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
Via by Always Play On Offense
New jobs report 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing , durable goods go - We need leaders who understand business.
TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE GANG BANGERS via
only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.
Macys stock drops after coming out in support of dust up with and public
Great article by on Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point
sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.
taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasnt true
If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians.
Via Huffington Post Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner by Igor Bobic
Via World Tribune The elites problem with Donald Trump Hes not for sale by Jeffrey T. Kuhner
Via Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and shes not treated this way!
My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border
NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way via by
Trump Gives Em Hell via
Im done with Macys. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!
I will not shop at Macys. I am with you Mr Trump!
Why doesnt somebody study the horrible charges brought against for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
. stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their credit card. Thank you!
Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say.
Every working class every color knows Trump , wants to be rich like him - faces light up
Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact.
Im Latina Legal , fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Dont back down!
Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. Great.
You have Lib media scrambling..I just freakn love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!
Thought ur interview w was inspiring. U speak the truth.
Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.
the media has shown its true colors.
They look bad. screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right , they know it!
Just deleted the app off my phone. Its a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more.
Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional.
to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling... Boycott Macys.
I am really liking We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH.
Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America!
knows what hes talking about. Please dont give us another Bush as president.
Macys sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America.
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees-
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy.
Who is to pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
. couldnt be elected dog catcher if he ran againso he didnt!
. was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- wouldve been swamped if he ran again!
I truly believe you can bring America back to great. You dont cowerto the media, lobbyists or anyone else.
Now this is the we have come to know At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesnt cower to PC.
. AndersonThank you for being so fair with your reporting , story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to boycott They are weak on border security , stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration , SMART trade deals wother countries should boycott
My recent statement re -- We must have strong borders , stop illegal immigration now!...
Get ready for tonight at 8- always interesting!
Via Donald Trumps Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right.
wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. Its only way 2 defeat political correctness
Watch me on the tonight at 8PM.
now I know youre smart! See you soon.
Everyone loves Donald because hell tell it like it is without any political sugar-coating , double-speak.
thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.
NBCcensorship. Im done with them
Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you havent learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!
Thank you Ted.
It says a lot about when they fire but keep Brian Williams and on the payroll.
they cant stand that you are speaking for the American people
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. Theyre killing us at the border and theyre killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
LOVE the TRUMP!
Great statement and its finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!
Like him or not says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesnt beat around the bush. And thats admirable.
if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. id trust Trump
is our only hope
Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.
It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?
I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!
Ive waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman.
Vote for Trump, hes making America to where we wont worry about illegal immigrant problems.
lDonaldTrump Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote
I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.
dont worry... we clearly dont have an illegal alien criminal problem.
For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, Ill vote for
Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down
I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.
Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!
is the bigot. and only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants
Statement on Relationship with NBC-
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!...
Via by Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel
Dont care about or Trump but hes the best running and should win the Primary
Remember, Univision apologized!
Or at least give it back in oil
Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!
Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be.
will speak city club today, Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!
dont ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! I promise!
I know will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office.
disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength
I sure dont trust any other politicians running to be President except
i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader Thank you.
Wait Mhndz, you have 5 mins to prove to me that doesnt support the latinos if u do ill paypal u $1k.
Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO
Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job
is the only choice for 2016. Thank you.
. Please send me your new number, your old ones not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
. the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
Donald Trumps Polling Looks too Good to Be True.
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isnt Fusion owned by Univision?
Via by Trump We look like were beggars in Iran nuclear talks
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting by far luncheon.
Hes firing up the GOP base.
not being a career politician is an asset. Im on board trump can make America great again.
would be the best president
Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT
Unlike can think outside the box!
Everybody get on the Trump Train!! Its a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with
DonaldTrump He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either
Bill OReillys interview with TrumpQ,A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote!
I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man.
RT Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.
THE , ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH POLITICIANS
Dont let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP. I will!
In we trust..
You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote! Great.
You have my vote Mr. Trump, give em hell. I will.
Donald trump is the man Thanks.
congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.
You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Dont back down !
GOP Trumps Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart
please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it! Thanks!
is Americas only chance. He will
Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party
Why not He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp.
Trump for President! TRUMP2016!
The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that hes a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey.
just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner Thank you!
Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Addressing record crowd Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC , Make America Great Again!
Must read article via DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO
A great article by out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border , illegals. Thank you
Im working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in BostonRhode island area!
go get em!! How does it feel to be the next POTUS? Thanks for the spirit!
is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?
Ill be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
. Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with Trump - actually, you always knew!
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - dont take it. It is always important to WIN!
The greatest social program is a job -Donald Trump
Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America My great honor!
Letter to - Re
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bushs appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
. cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S. Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott
Once again the Bush appointed Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesnt want me talking about terrible border situation , horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
I appreciate and his straight talk. Our country needs this.
only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
New national 2016 GOP poll from - leads field, second.
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence ODonnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President I agree!
Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesnt hide it.
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.
we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to
enough with and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one
Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for in 502 days! On 11082016 we make our country great again!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
. had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesnt have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V.
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why Trump poll numbers are high.
Just out, the new nationwide poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
not to mention that theres a whole lot of people who never got asked me included!!! Cute.
Im voting for for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass Great.
UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES Americas credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.
Go get em Donald.
Excellent! I still cant believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Havent Americans learned anything? NO!
. song, Rockin In The Free World was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didnt love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of in my office and his $$ requesttotal hypocrite.
. A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal , called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH
Thank you.
Very strong start, Mr. President! Thanks.
Politician didnt like that I said Baltimore needs jobs , spirit. Its politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust Bush in first.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland-
Via Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATES ANTI-BUSH
is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country.
My interview on Trump Last Person Id Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama
thank you for running. You have my vote and Im spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.
Via by Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.
I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.
Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!
So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have say it like it is!
This is the first election Ill be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country!
WE ARE GONNA NEED IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED True.
. I was at when announced president bid. Hes got my vote.
Donald trump files statement of candidacy via
Via by Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Lets
Im definitely voting for I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!
Ill be voting for Mr. Trump
Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.
True.
Karl, why dont you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time. True.
. Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it?
Entrepreneurs Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Dont underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Guess who was POTUS then?
Who do you want negotiating for us?
Its time for government to stop picking winners , losers. Lets make sure everyone can achieve the American dream!
My latest piece on winning the foreign policy race. ...
. Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers
A businessman that understands the worlds businesspolitics.
The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now its the USA s turn.
Thank you.
. Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
Only a fool will underestimate Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing at 700 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
its amazing how people fear a change for the better
Trump, you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016
Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.
I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be
- loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced. Bill O is great.
Because theyre AFRAID of you!
indicated he would support you if you ran. Lets see if he puts his money where his mouth is!
The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic. True.
Finally somebody with real intelligence , leadership is runnig for president Mr
Im just about done with Fox news!
I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration.
Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate??? Good question!
Believe they are worried you may win!
I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up , see what youre all about. I am behind you ALL the way!
. still thinks Romney won! He doesnt have a clue!
I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the That will not solve the problem, IMO!
I watched the interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!
. stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it. True!
theyre all jealous of your success Thanks.
The best candidate!
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of Mike was a total pro!
. was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. should not allow this conduct!
cant wait for debates! DT will crush them Could happen!
I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race.
Donald Trumps resume backs his run for president Thank you, so true
. who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didnt win one race, said Im not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
Via by Exclusive Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs
Happy Fathers Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father.
Via by Donald Trumps resume backs his run for president
If youre a betting man, its time to start believing Donald Trump
you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win Thanks.
Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump
He really is a great business man and gets the job done right. So true!
Carl Icahn Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That We Are In A Bubble Like Youve Never Seen Before
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
America should be so lucky to have even consider leading our nation Thank you.
. Trump Has Best Shot in General Election via
Thank you for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols dont get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.
The establishment fears Trump! They are afraid to make America great again.
Its pretty clear that would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate , i really wanna see it happen.
The only person running for President that will not betray America for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him downReagan!
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did beg me for a tweet endorsement when her book was launched?
great article .. At least is finally saying what us average working people know!
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Via by Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress
Out of hundreds of deals , transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zellbut nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals , immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. Its a very effective , commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantagesmart!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low.
Has Charles ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every wayMake America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- , we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didnt attend because hes boring , often wronga total dope!
Ive always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman
Lets get the Trump trending
Why is government run by politicians? Its a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully!
Just watched Brian Williams on - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at Stop apologizing
Donald trump will do this country good! He is a businessman , will know how to grow our economy
Keep doing what youre doing! Youre attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before!
Mr. Trump youre the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!
DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation. So true.
You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!
So how many more days until you are in office?
Ive waited to vote for since I was little. I cant wait for 2016
Youve got my vote!!
I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people
Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs -
Ive been saying Donald trump for preZ since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U
Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isnt afraid to saydo whats necessary took the reigns
Trump Natl Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.
Watch my appearance on - great interview!
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Trump Intl Hotel , Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service , our signature restaurant, Sixteen
Thank you.
Speaking to great patriots My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy!
Heading to New Hampshire.
We need someone with experience to rebuild America.
Only a fool would buy the Loses fortune , has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Thank you Sarah--Lets have pizza in New York soon with you , your great family
He doesnt need anyones money and can speak the truth because of it! Go Donald!
Enjoyed watching analysis of my interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on Keep up the great work.
Thanks Really nice! Im glad I did your show.
watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear Thank you so much for your nice words today on Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech-
Thanks Eric.
I am officially running for President of the United States.
LIVE on Major announcement!
Thanks Geraldo, youre a champion.
11AM
Make sure to follow me on I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope!
Make sure to follow me on
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from at 11AM. Follow on social media!
We are going to listen If you are really running , if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win
Thanks.
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
DonaldTrump in Iowa says I have a Gucci store thats worth more money than Romney Fact check true
todays the day Good luck!
Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016..
Lets take this country back.
I am a full supporter of is a guy that will help this country
I really would want to see what America would look like...with at the helm of affairs.
Counting down the hours to announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.
Love it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS!
America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts.
Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. People like him...NO MORE POLITICIANS...
No Amercian, really, can impactsuch staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America GREAT!
Shock the world!
is going to make Hillarys head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please.
Today is the day America becomes great again. has some huge news that will shock the world
Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it,
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them.
Great!
Thanks.
may get headlines today, but will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow
Will do, thanks.
Great!
Thanks.
LIVE on
Tomorrow at 11AM
said on today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be The answer is
Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk.
After the liberal 60s and 70s how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance.
Time for a true leader to lead our great country!
Pls run u would be great!
Id vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em Mr. Trump!
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015.
Happy Birthday! Cant wait for the announcement on Tuesday, Ill be there!
Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again. True!
We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air
TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR
Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!
has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, , NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER.
DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt
you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! Thanks, call Corey.
Please run! Im with you till the end! Everyone who wants to is! Vote for Trump2016! God bless.
Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists , donors
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!
is GOPs best chance to win in Nov. 2016.
Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donorslobbyist.
Ill volunteer to help your campaign in FL. Thanks.
ONLY has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary
pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week. Thanks.
Thank you.
The Country needs you now more than ever. You will be the one to bring the respect back. Thx.
Thank you.
Should not pass--bad deal!
Thanks.
Thank you.
True!
Entrepreneurs Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do whats necessary and whats unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs Dont sell yourself short. Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best.
Entrepreneurs Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Its time to make America great again. Lets do this!
Looking for Fathers Day gift? named the spa one of the best places for men to relax
go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you.
There is.
Cant wait to hear run for president and fix our country!
Thanks , I wont let you down.
Thanks.
Great, thanks.
Thank you.
Video Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point
Congratulations to for winning the 2015 Travelers Choice Award from
Thank you for featuring in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.
Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you dont. I agree!
If ran for president in 2016, Id be one happy camper
Waiting on that 616 announcement. Please dont disappoint me..... Stay tuned.
Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure dont support Texans want leadership We want
what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run! June 16th.
needs to run for president
Trump all the way!
it will happen GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump
I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands.
A pic with from a long time ago A wonderful son!
Entrepreneurs Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs Follow your own pathit will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Our is really starting the summer on the right foot with their program as seen in
The golden rule of negotiating He who has the gold makes the rules great read
Thank you for featuring in your list of Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.
Thank you.
A pleasure to film at the beautiful links course , club house. Thanks to ,
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews
hes a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf Thanks.
Via gets new clubhouse
Dee Dee Sorvino I am betting on Trump
got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump
Via the New York Times
I think hes worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and iswas a big fan of Reagan!
Via by Poll Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH
Trump Intl Hotel , Tower New York, includes Central Park views , our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection!
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.
Via New Hampshire Poll Trump into top-tier status
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Watch, listen, and learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump. So true!
Loved doing keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland, Ireland , other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement
Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!
Mr Trump can speak, the difference, hes actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk hes had to finance on his own!
My only regret is that there isnt 3 DonaldTrumps so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute
ISIS would already be on ice if was the president. We need you, sir.
Youre the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top
Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates dont have an answer, if they did theyd use it, Trump Time!
Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results
Great news!
believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President Its about results thats why Trump runs he wins
Via by In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid
Just received a standing ovation at when I said, We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!
Just said at that Im not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.
Just made the point at that we have to protect our border , I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!
Just received applause at when I said People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!
Received a standing applause at when I said to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators.
Just Introduced at as the countrys highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
A visionary who loves America &gt, Thanks.
I cant wait for announcement on June 16. Great.
you are the man for the job
the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope
DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity , national security.
Its about time we had a president who doesnt need to care about his money
exactly he knows how to win important
The thing thats so wonderful about ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires. True.
Id vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men.
One of my favorite all-time moments When let touch his hair.
Will be refreshing to have views from someone else whos not a politician or community organizer IMO.
I believe ... no I KNOW that would be a better president than HillaryClinton.
Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress. - Phyllis Schlafly
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets , their families. Its time to do it! Lets Make America Great Again!
We must stop Common Core from controlling state , local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government , stole gov. workers information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal , supportive of his friends. He also says it like is.
donald for president..a true patriot
I Agree Donald!
Via by Trump Well bring American dream back
Donald Trump Ive made up my mind on 2016 via by
. memoir is a powerful example of perseverance , hope. Getting Real is as real as it gets. Get it , enjoy!
Looking forward to keynoting the dinner tomorrow night! is a top state party!
Via by Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time..
Hey - had a spectacular round - drove the green on Awesome track! Great views! Thanks
our country seriously needs you now please run for pres
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
If you dont run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a shoe in I agree!
On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
Dummy political pundit constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook s hand in Mason City.
no bs Donald if you run Im in PA you will get my vote for sure.
DonaldTrump Youre going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win.
. pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isnt. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership A total loser!
Donald Trump I Would Be the Jobs President
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
I want to see run for president.
Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!
Trump 4 president!
epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again!
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before!
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!
Via by Donald Trump stops in Coralville
Im on the fence but if runs then Im all good
Trump Natl Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic!
Entrepreneurs Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Re Negotiation Think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!
looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State!
Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you dont get hit very often. Tom Brady
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated , increased its nuclear fuel by 20. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Excited to be returning to the State Convention as the Keynote of Saturdays dinner! is a strong Conservative state party!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. Its time for a bold new direction!
Via Trump to jet in to unveil Trump clubhouse
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year!
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong. Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits , send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
get my for President of the Unites States of America!
Sound The Trumpets For A Trump 2016 Presidential Run Hear what he has to say
After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016
Interview during Jim Kelly Shootout..
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 0745
Too bad I dont get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune!
The Spa offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals , healing techniques
Time for USA to get back on track Trump for President
Rephrase , quote Al Davis. Dont disappoint. There isnt another way 2 make America great again
for pres 2016
Definitely a great president!!
does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president? Great.
awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever.
Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago.
please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER
I honestly believe that would make a great president Thank you.
Trump for President!
Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Lets take OUR country back. Vote for the Don 2016
Please run!!! USA needs a leader!
golf at donald trumps place is always a good idea
Just Do it!
lets go
I care about are country , that is why ill vote for if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving , FAST
sets the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great , will He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW!
DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Cant wait for 061615 11am!
Entrepreneurs Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?
Entrepreneurs Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning. Get out there , go for it!
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon - George Washington
. is proud to be hosting where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015.
Via by Melody Dareing Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico
Via Donald Trump vows to be the greatest representative of Christians if he wins White House
All the haters , losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him , his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!
June 16th-
Awarded 5 Stars by offers Executive Chef new menu
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb in all ways!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!
I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps , bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!
killed it on
run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!
I will be on at 700 A.M. ENJOY!
HEY! I hope to meet on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Cant wait!!
Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx Thank you.
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
Donald Trumps poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out.
Trump for President!!!
I love my time at The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!
Trump for President
This trooper needs you to run
vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else
Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far.
Cant America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country.
counting down the days to June 16. Why? knows why.
Would give anything for to run for President!! If theres anyone who can fix our country, its him!!
Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him. Probably true, but its fun to expose the overrated!
Bought 2 bottles of CologneDeodorant so that I can smell like a winner,a PRESIDENT!
Not sure why I didnt follow before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago...
then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him
what about playing at in Florida. His golf course is amazing !
vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up.
Trump for President!!!
The Don is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President.
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb in all ways!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
I know he can and will
Your country needs you. Run.
Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can Shake Things Up In 2016 Election via
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump!
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7 in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. - Vince Lombardi
ICYMI, Via by Post Editorial Board New Gem in the Bronx
Via New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings
Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th via
was something weve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line. -
Trump Intl Golf Links , Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres , fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!
Entrepreneurs Ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Required reading 4 success in politics , life read book Brilliant Advice !
Thanks for calling in Always a pleasure to chat with you! And my pleasure, thanks.
DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done.
RT ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51 Terrible for economy. Repeal , Replace.
I had a fantastic time with at the grand opening of the great Watch the video-
Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be. -
Its time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Lets Make America Great Again!
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51 Terrible for economy. Repeal , Replace with free market solution!
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Via by Malcolm Unwell Taking Trump Seriously
Get some face time in The Spa at via by Rene Libutti
My int. on on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, , Making America Great Again!
Via by Donald Trump We Must Make America Great Again
In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
Watch, listen, and learn. You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. Donald Trump
Whats it like to play Donald Trumps Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?
What its like to play New York City golf course
Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!
everything obama touches goes to hell
Shell never go out of style ... True!
love this guy - no fake account, spread the word
Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it cant continue.
U.S. Is a Laughingstock, Obama Has No Clue What Hes Doing
I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans dont wake up .
Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx
I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. Donald Trump
for president
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldnt answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please, time for real change
Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine
RunTrump, kick their A and get it on the right track
Melania would be the best looking First Lady weve had in a looong time.
potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!! True.
The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.
Beautiful Lady!
a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.
Hopefully our future First Lady!!! She would be amazing!
would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!
. We have a president who has no clue what hes doing.
the art of the deal in action. Theres a pinch of Reagan in there. Thank you.
Yesterday opening day A great lady!
Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please
Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!
Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it cant continue.
YES Donald right again...but they had Givem Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum , the nanny congress!
I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans dont wake up .
Youre right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great.
I love Mr. Trumps honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!
he is transforming America
must run , must win!
Good advice from my mother Trust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father Know everything you can about what youre doing. -- Fred C. Trump
elated at official grand opening of via by
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US govt to do the same. Lets Make America Great Again!
Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful! Thanks. Enjoy!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
On 800 pristine Miami acres, boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining , championship golf
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead Practice puts brains in your muscles! THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.Donald Trump
Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump
And God Bless our Troops! Thanks.
That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses
Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason. - Mark Twain So true.
all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess Wow, it can be done!
Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via Congrats
I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!
You should be president! I believe in you Thanks.
I dont even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President
DonaldTrump Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.
No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US Thanks Jen!
Will be doing interview tomorrow. So much to talk about!
honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today
DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way
I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...
Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...
Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names
bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice
Its almost June , time for the big announcement!!
Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. DonaldTrump
, only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment , common sense for USA !
. new book-- Adios, America! The Lefts Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole-- is a great read. Good job!
Everyones dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard. -
Entrepreneurs Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you cant---you are right. -- Henry Ford
My honor.
Now that just put a smile on my face! Keeping the faith that you will run.
Things would be so much better! True.
Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016. Watch.
Good morning Im still hoping to hear Youve my vote. Stay tuned!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states True!
Coming up on talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed but future NYC treasure course. Great job D
Cant think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump
please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate Thanks.
O personally I think you would be a great president for our country
DonaldTrump Everyone wants you to run. Why dont you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it
David Top 10 The List Members Whove Appeared The Most - 21 times!
Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than to turn us around.
Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if hes running or not, but Im voting Donald Trump for President
I beg you to run Stay tuned!
First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job Thanks.
we need to run and we would be good
Donald Trump Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama IranNukes
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present - Donald Trump
Donald Trump on Mexico I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall True.
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They dont care!
TRUMP Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR!
we cant get you in the WH fast enough. The dripdrip of horrendous policies is now a flood. Watch.
we cant get you in the WH fast enough. The dripdrip of horrendous policies is now a flood. Go get em!
Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! Thats what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!
I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American
keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!
Were all very proud of you, Donald .
As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty. Thanks.
I will be interviewed on at 700 A.M.
Whos the social media King of New York? - via
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers of which, sadly, there are many a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think BIG!
Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? RealClearPolitics
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
VIDEO Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to if Elected President
Donald Trump I have created tens of thousands of jobs
Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush stumbling.
Donald Trump says hed be the greatest representative of the Christians if elected president
. I Want to Make the Country Great Again
Opens private 757 jet to reporters...
After years of fanfare, will run? reports
AIR FORCE TRUMP The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jeb via
would be better then Jeb Bush By a whole lot!
dont choke again! Choose Americas boldest leader to date.
Very entertaining interview with Last quote in article is hilarious .. Thank you.
Best looking building in Chicago
For my birthday today Id like to see make it official that hes running for president!
strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump Thank you!
RT I would endorse in a presidential run!
I see you, boss
Cant wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, theyre always informative.
People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is if he runs
you are convincing me more and more.. Thats good news!
Im sold on for president!
Announce youre running already! We need you! I agree, our country is dying!
Im surprised didnt quote all of Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right!
Why wont you run for and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!
Wait is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!
Donald its all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us? JUNE!!!!
all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
Competing show!
Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be humble , just report the news!!
Donald, its more important for to have your views than viceversa, dont sweat it
all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Stay tuned!
Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!
I told that and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Lets Make America Great Again!
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our countrys finest.
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. Mark Twain
I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me.
If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again. - last line of my speech
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my speech
Audience chanting RUN TRUMP RUN! during my my speech! They are going to be very happy...
I said dont invade Iraq from the very beginning. - my speech
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does. - my speech
Via by , Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016
Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here! - my speech
Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country bc they dont have it. - speech
I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released. - my speech
I make good deals. Thats what I do. I would make great deals for our country. - my speech
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! speech is sold out with record crowd.
Wouldnt it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my speech.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by A record 2,000 sell out
Entrepreneurs In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and its the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort.
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, is Westchesters most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course
I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken
Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!
Via by Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?
Flashback NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink
Always be prepared to start. -
Via by Robert Silk Renovations make Trumps Doral a showcase once again
He is the only one who could save us!!
I LOVE BECAUSE HES BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!!
VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOURE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA
The Q Is Will The Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. Just watch!
The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business
. I Want to Make the Country Great Again
Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?
Why Donald Trump Wont Touch Your Entitlements DES MOINES, IowaDonald Trump says if he runs for p...
Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!
America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need
Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom.
We needto MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!! VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP
We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! Ill campaign for u in AZ!! Lets do it Trump!!
Trump I Want to Make the Country Great Again
Thanks , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man!
All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. you have to run!
trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres
Wishing this moment to come, thanks , Ill vote you
Had a dream that was POTUS and was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream
Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk!
waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!
you run or notPraying U Do your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you dont run.Your our best hope
The only way Im voting for president is if runs Cute!
put your hat in the ring - Ill vote for you. Get busy trump
-Trump the players in this presidential race.....
he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school
i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.
. New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House
said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!
Count me in! Anything I can do to help..
DonaldTrump Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her, its a loser.
I really wish would run for president.
Bringing jobs back from China , Asia is a winning issue. Hell capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs.
- He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We dont need Obama.
not if..., now...
was right. Correct infrastructure wouldnt even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed
just watched, love your positive can do attitude.
plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!
great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100 in your corner if you choose to make America great again!
Great job on now Im BUSTING to know if ur running! !
Pretty much says it like it is.
shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around. True!
Signing The Facebook Wall-
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY.
. Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Lets Make America Great Again!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a success. Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East , Religious Liberty , Freedom
My int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border , deduct costs from Mexico
Looking forward to being awarded the 2015 Statesman of the Year by this Thursday. A record 2,000 attendees-Cant wait!
Via Donald Trump Sends Message to
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at NY today-
Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!
To make America great again we must , understand that its on China! will do that!
What people dont know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line Make America Great Again. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
run for President. Youd have my vote
totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended
President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016 Thank you.
is the key to success. Thanks.
its time 2 run 4 president ,
Ready for your interview on enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for
is always kicking ass.
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES
VOTE FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from
Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces -
Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!! Keep the faith!
kick Obamas ass and run for president already.
Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do will get my vote!
get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass
run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools.
Great champions!
Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the Proud to be a Texas Fellow
cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again
I hope you run. America needs it badly.
2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I dont, I have lots of money 4prez
Im still expecting to swoop in and save the day Stay tuned.
My prediction will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th.
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole , Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military , veterans!
Incredible progress at Punta del Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!
Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny. Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs Be tough, be smart, be personable -- but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
TPP does not stop Japans currency manipulation , China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Our debt finances Chinas military. Its time to get tough we hold all the cards. Lets Make America Great Again!
Via by Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President
FLASHBACK via from 2004 Donald Trump Would Fire Bush Over Iraq Invasion Its called great vision.
Trump I created tens of thousands of jobs via by
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
Host of the , is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster
Congrats to on his new show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself. Thanks.
is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams.
Donald Trump is my inspiration in life love u Donald u the real mvp!!
you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth , saying what many of us have been.
Great Article, DonaldTrump ISIS in competition w Trump , Kill Islambies!!!
I see you
DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!
for president and Tom Brady for his VP Cute!
my husband and myself are praying you run for president. Thank you!
Politicians are all talk and no action. Lets make America great again. Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run
Pinnacle of Chicago skyline
. a great place!
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup , Trump poster If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride 76.5 of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place!
im ready for u to make america great again
Look forward to hearing you every Monday on You are exactly what this country needs!!!
ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir.
politicians have very little real knowledge, , instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. Its
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq was not a mistake. He looked clueless!
damn.. a lot of haters follow u.... Haters and losers!
Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again....
Looking forward to your announcement!
RT Via by Bring back jobs from overseas Lets Make America Great
Love it! I hope you do run we need a change sir
Brian dont try take Trump on with your wit. He got you beat, hands down! Brian is terrific
Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it
..cant wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again...
Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!
you are the best Thanks.
Just run for President Donny, youd win for sure.
I will be on at 700 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
sen. hillary clinton voted for the war
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. Such a waste.
km Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it
Can you just announce already that youre running for president so I can campaign for you.
Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? Stay tuned
Youre really the best, Trump!
run run!!!!
please run
Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to love each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Via by Bring back jobs from overseas Lets Make America Great Again!
I hope and pray-
. remarks at on
We need a real American to run our country and that real man is Get this country back on track.
Waiting for to announce for president, tired of all these posers Stay tuned.
Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world
hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him! Noce.
Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH.
Go Donald . Saying go for it. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice
-Im all aboard the Trump Train. I know it wont derail.
Here are 14 reasons why is running and doing well
at your place in Chicago, Love it!
Best book Ive ever read
We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes. Cute!
Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame Great.
Always great to visit with one-on-one with The Donald in Des Moines this afternoon
You could change this country around! True and thanks!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you to our military service members! I love you all!
Received a standing ovation in packed house after Sam Clovis intro! Lets Make America Great Again!
DonaldTrump has been Building Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life Thanks
Tomorrow will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 130pm. Join us.
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Excited to be speaking at Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 130PM!
Via 14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running and Doing Well
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Lets Make America Great Again!
Via by Trumps Refreshing Lack Of A Filter
Via by Trump inches closer to a decision
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party LincolnReagan Dinner tonight! Leaving now!
. Bill, fantastic job this morning on - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
might be the the smartest business man alive.But its your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon? Very soon
- US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!
After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing.
Hey, the man knows how to run a business!
- all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016
It was such an honor to meet today in New Hampshire! What a great man!
you are the best mr trump
Via by ChrisCassidyBH Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq
Trump Intl Hotel , Golf Links Ireland formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean
Japan has faster trains , better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! could easily fix!
Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!
Failure isnt fatal, but failure to change might be John Wooden
Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice True!
I cant wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate! We must win and make America great again!
WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME Wow, I love the second part!
IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesnt want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $.
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the for incompetence , defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Needed Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Lets Make America Great Again!
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to for hosting! Lets Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US!
Thanks for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends , discussing topics.
Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan , would like to stop other Republicans from using it via
Via by The Trump Card Make America Great Again
Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit! It will be fantastic!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what Ive built. Hillary cant build. Republican candidates cant build. They dont have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20 of pols, , better
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists , donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Good point. We just really need your help Donald!
. This is why we need a real leader in the White House.
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols cant solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous Iraq war all over again
Youd have my vote! Great.
Enjoying day 1 of my stay in s hotel
Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
My interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State , Making America Great Again!
Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious via by
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker , economy! We need SMART TRADE!
Via Streetsense Brings The National, a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DCs New Trump Intl Hotel
Via DONALD TRUMP RICH PEOPLE DONT LIKE MEPOOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE LIKE ME BEST
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- Thomas Edison
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities , thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs Be passionate. You have to love what youre doing to be successful at it.
I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He cant be bought! He said this country is going to Hell
Trump is the man
Trump for President! Tom Brady as running mate?
People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagans earliest supporters. Like Reagan, its time to Make America Great Again!
Sue them Tom!
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
u are the peoples hero. TRUMP 2016 youve got my vote! Thanks.
Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. Whats going on?
In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum.
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post Moron hates my poll numbers
Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit in the White House. Very cool!
for President!
China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They cant beat him on the field, so this!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or If Hillary doesnt have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
Governments first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives. President Ronald Reagan
Great shot by yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Thank you Jill, Marlon, , all for the amazing , personal service. Thanks.
greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best
My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.
One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!! Thank you.
. in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on at 700 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN!
run run!!!
I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a book !! Great!
Looking forward to hearing speak Saturday night in Iowa. See you there - record breaking crowd!
pretty shotty math A- C- A- Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!
Happy to all the great mothers out there!
just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass
Dr Ben Carson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025.
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT
Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! in, I know hes in. His Scooby-Doo van
Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC. Thanks Jim.
has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life.
Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads...
. takes a stroll with
Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope! Stay tuned!
Non-hunters dont get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation.
THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!
The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest.
Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive.
you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over
Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon
My two sons, Eric , Don, have long been expert hunters , marksmen They go on safaris , give animals to the poor , starving villagers!
. is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
The King of Turnberry! Fabulous! What an amazing place!
Envision It DonaldTrump is Prez, sends ppl 2 Mars by and ppl drive his electric cars
. did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you.
Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote. Thanks.
Thank you and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when its hard. When you do that you are passing the test. -
Ive dealt wpoliticians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted transactions which involve many issues. I know the process , win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner!
A strong military makes us respected by our allies , feared by our enemies. Lets Make America Great Again!
Via by Will Folks THE DONALD REBUKES OBAMATRADE
Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid via by
Via by Donald Trump Dont Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority
Via eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi for Trump Organization
WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU.
Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber Big letdown fight!
Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads...
Donald Trump Dont Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority
. takes a stroll with
. It was great being with you on this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
With my friend
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare , Medicaid. I will.
I was the first , only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare , Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!
If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimores issue, no chance to solve Chinas , OPECs abuses. The World asks for leadership!
Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA
2016 for President - YES!!!
Id vote Trump,hes strong. He said, First Id build a Wall at border Fire Weaklings in DC too !
HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
Donald Trumps beach mansion is the biggest thing Ive ever seen Another great deal!
You should run for president Mr. Trump! Youre a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!
. Great job on this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
Via by Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads A Bad, Bad Deal
Via HT Politics
We got a look round the work being done at Looking great!
Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. Youd be the only competent candidate. We need you!
After I complete reading autobiography I will read your book, Trump Never Give Up. Youre an inspiration !
Please run With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track! Very true.
Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man , RUN.
. is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage. No idea who she is, sounds dumb!
Youre the most logical person I follow on Twitter!
Get into office and tell CONgress Youre fired!
a mans children speak much of him. U have raised them well , will represent us well. U will win. Thanks.
just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? Watch.
Time for you to tell Youre fired!. We need someone who loves America in office!
I want to see a man thats not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do!
I will.
We will!
You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !
Weve got your back Mr. Trump! were not politicians all talk and no action. just let us know what you need us to do.
got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians
You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!
. is a total whack job who doesnt have a clue. Dont provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! building more factories in Mexico!
Ill vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man True.
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will fight hard for victory if I do!
See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more! Great.
I agree
for president!! Run and you got my vote.
DT please get in the race for President
At this point Im voting for Trump! Very smart!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
Trump for President !!!!
Please run Mr Trump.
he is the best person for the job
RT if you run for president im voting for you Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win
See you on the 16th! I look forward to seeing you!
if you run for president im voting for you Great.
Yes... ALL the WIN!....
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Follow for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx offers fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by just opened a new...
Great story on in about our new Sky and Wellness Suites
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava
Our spa gets a nice write-up in
You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN!
I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!
we dont know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.
You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton! The only one that can!
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
Time for to make his big announcement about how hes going to put this country back on track!!
Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! CUTE!
Amen Ann...
What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us.
You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! Thanks.
SO true! Much love Donald!
Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing? WATCH
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
Oh god. I agree with you.
SO TRUE DONALD !!!
It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. True!
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building!
please save our country!
DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce youre running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, , business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!
here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing-
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options
Thrilled to hear that has awarded the Rakuten Diamond Award for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Deportations are plummeting while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
If elected, I will undo all of Obamas executive orders. I will deliver. Lets Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to , Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him fast track authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Via by open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion
Congratulations to and for the coverage on perks in luxury hotels
Our amazing golf course
Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run
Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!
Coming up at 735amet, joins us live!
will you still be on this hour Have been watching but nothing yet... Yes, 730.
This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome in charge!
I will be interviewed at 700 A.M. on - Enjoy.
Cant wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame was
please run for president. We need you Stay tuned.
Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream
What this country needs is unification , direction, , youre the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run
100 agreed!!
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?! You will be called!
please run in 2016!!!
People dont like it when is right. For whatever reason.
yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US True.
Just got back from Las Vegas. Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
please. For real this time. We need you. Do not worry.
For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward , bring about goodness True
if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! Nice.
Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I cant wait. Watch.
Please run for president and save us from the fools. Stay tuned!
I Agree.!! Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump
Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble
Yes- Trump wouldnt owe anyone anything. Important! So true!
Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump Were waiting.
-Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to.
I cant wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the countryThanks
your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer Stay tuned!
has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you!
DonaldTrump Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!
knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER , will overcome the WEAK!!
Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people dont really believe you will run. Just watch!
IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK,RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESSHE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!
Its not conceited, its convinced.
trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class. Thanks!
I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!
well at least the Donalds arrogance is warranted So true, thanks!
. Good luck tonight Floyd.
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
Great! All should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real.
Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!
. Great insight in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
Just spotted Trump Tower in What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to Thank you.
Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it. True.
if you dont run I wont vote
No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!
coolest building in Chicago. Didnt think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz
Im an activist, so Im used 2 that , I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump Thank you, nice.
Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! Thanks.
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT!
. Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works.
Plans for wind farm dropped at golf resort Great news!
enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic.
My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Heres his pic!
If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure! Nice.
I cant wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event. Great.
Id vote for him if he were our candidate. Id go door-to-do for him, too. Id feel safe with him as President.
Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you..
Beautiful, thank you.
Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton
Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the
if you dont run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side
Run, Mr. Trump, run!
Donald, you have to do it. Its the only way to save this once great nation.
Trump Very much inclined to enter GOP White House race via by
Thanks!
Thank you.
Via by Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport
Via by talks 2016 run, jobs at
My int. from discussing how politicians have failed us , Making America Great Again!
Via by Trump U.S. getting beat up
Whether you think you can or think you cant, youre right. -- Henry Ford
Entrepreneurs Dont tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
If the working, proud and productive people of our country dont start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and its still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. Im ready for America to be great AGAIN.
saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father.
. Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican.
, for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel
. named one of the best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago
Congrats for winning Fine Hotels , Resorts Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014 award!
You should run as an independent and kick Hiliarys ass , the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINOs!
is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it , put it , us out of our misery!
clean house Not W.G.
please get in the drivers seat of this country!
Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,were awaiting your announcement in June or July.
Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same. GREAT!
. is really hurting She is boring, predictable and has zero television it - show no longer has ratings, dying!
Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now Thank you.
I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. I do also!
is amazing you can tell me hes not when youre as successful as him
Did you see all the whites that were robbed , assaulted during the riots, Mr President?
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word thug is, like so many other words, not politically correct even though Obama uses it. It is racist. BULL!
Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL via Wow, so nice - thank you!
we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring.
I had the pleasure of meeting and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!
Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness.
Im so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians.
just home from awesome buddies trip to Great job Thanks!
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with
Thank you for helping me celebrate while accepting the Commandants Leadership award!
Met a big fan today!
Meet your fan from Waverly, IA Shay Doyle.He looks up to you , hopes to be the next Trump
Great property! We had an amazing conference here last week! Thanks.
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People dont want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
If doesnt run in 2016 the country is screwed I agree!
The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.
If runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then...........
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there wont be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking, each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
Can we drop off in the middle of so he can show Obama how its done? I would fix it fast!
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it again?
Our great African American President hasnt exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
For those saying its not crowded, you didnt see the people on the balcony and crowded outside.
Via by Trump The last thing we need is another Bush
Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.
My int w at on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security , Making America Great Again!
Semper Fi Donald !!!!
ICYMI, via by Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best!
yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns
Theres only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is
First thing I see when I log unto twitter is trumpy Great.
well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. sir.
U wouldnt leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!
Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!
The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness
coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better
. is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on
Bless you Sir safe trip!!! Thanks.
listening...good interview!
Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you
You always make Mondays better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!! Thanks.
Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison.
all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control
great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!
If you run for president, You would receive my vote!
Will be interviewed on at 700 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This WeekendWhat do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?
I will be interviewed by tonight on - Enjoy!
Really hope decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.
I get why you dont like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy True, but with zero talent.
I dont know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
. Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - thats where China and others are beating us. Best!
To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER - DJT We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate! I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!
. Serious question, Mr. Trump Why dont you like Because he is not good at what he does- dying
Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious. Love those words.
We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight. Watch.
Driving thru major world cities , seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life.
The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!
. Not much is as dead or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
When are you announcing run !? Stay tuned!
I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire. Thank you!
Are you like another Ross Perot? Bigger, better, stronger and richer!
&lt,---- The thinking mans Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win.
The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us.
. A fantastic guy!
changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful! Thank you, it will be even more amazing!
Awesome entrepreneurial advice from Thats how Greats are made.
Congratulations to on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
How do you take care of our people if you dont make anything? We dont make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
finished building of 68-story skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in app
Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrumps proposed changes to Turnberry
I am and I can say, you are 100 correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear.
get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! So nice, thank you.
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
Congrats to great golfer on his big win last week. Always been best putter. Frost Wins for Trump
A beautiful article by on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point
Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberrys Ailsa Course Thanks. It will be fantastic!
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
get Commandants Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
rescue our country...
Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president!
All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!!
think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago.
working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that youre going to make a run to rescue our country!!
. Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
The man who wouldve kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice.
The world needs a leader like ! Thanks.
when do I get my Cute, stay tuned.
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President
is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office I agree, thanks.
an entrepreneurs ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...
All faith in the world that is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning!
Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has stalled out.
Very good, must be tough!
on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!
With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy!
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. Michael Jordan
It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Lets Make America Great Again!
Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Fact while Jeb was governor , Rubio was House Majority Leader, Floridas debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Via by Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser
Via by Trump says US roads are falling apart
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday via by
. Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
. 5 Star , Luxury Hotel offers style, luxury , impeccable service
DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!
is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm.
No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please!
Ive to say that youre making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!
Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?
you would be phenomenal in office,I am truly a big fan of what you stand for. Thank you.
Without we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. I agree.
Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!! Watch.
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesnt put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
people can say what they want about Donald, but he is trustworthy Thank you.
China has been laughing at the WRLD for a long time , will continue to do so!
Thank you!
We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America
So has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.
You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference.
cant wait for your official announcement that you are running Go Trump Go
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - its the size of the fight in the dog. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on Americas business. It does not stop Japans currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Lets Make America Great Again
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION and more. DO NOT LET PASS!
YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!
congratulations. You area true patriot!
no surprise! You are the man! Thank you!
Cant wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.
Just saw Trumps new video. 2016 will be interesting. WATCH ALL!
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate.
Im getting The Commandants Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
Hes a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!
Via by gives public a chance to hear Trump speak
Via by Trump to build five new holes at
Looking forward to keynoting Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
Ailsa Course changes What a beautiful place!
. You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!
Getting ready for next week with on Monday.
Trump If I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again
Id work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington.
. Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!
Im with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction.
It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,
please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done.
You would be the best president. Youre political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!
you are amazing
you are damn good
U r 1000 correct, Politicians cant fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!
Dear You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
U would make a damn good one
Donald trump would be the greatest president Thank you.
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that Im the only Repub who wont cut Social Security, etc. Ill make America rich again!
Im a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly.
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than tweeting like a 14 year old girl
. You stated that I started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl... Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
When you cant make them see the light, make them feel the heat. Ronald Reagan
Trouble in paradise for Clintons-
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Lets Make America Great Again
Just viewed the video of the changes to An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular
Via by Trump Well Make America Great Again
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the via
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but dont worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
Via Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations Its all a deal
I guess is a lot smarter than dopes like , Oh well, both mags are dying anyway.
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed!
. wrote a wonderful book, And the Good News is.. Dana has a fabulous perspective on life , politicsgo get it!
Glad to see that has been hired by as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
Via by Trump Im disappointed in many Republicans
NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.
I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST
why does put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons
Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!
. I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just dont have what it takes!
Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!
To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start! I agree!
I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything
i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech Thanks
Im thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess! True!
Why dont you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!
It has cratered since WFB passed away. So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it
Its PATHETIC for , to bash as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!
National Review may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by No talent means death - sad!
. Sorry, there was only one breakout star this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Jonah Goldberg of the once great Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news when not talking weather.
Theyll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! True!
You need to Run For President.
Nothing, as they always do
Tell um to get out the check book Donald Believe me, I would!
Tell um to get out the check book Donald
We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do! Agree.
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isnt this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran , others-sending ships. How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details. Great, thank you.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the
One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. hotel. Our company loved it there. Thank you.
Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC.... Thanks.
Congratulations to for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to for being selected as Best of VIP Access 2014 by
. I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than
Thank you and for the wonderful and very true article, Total Desperation on Iran
How does failed writer and pundit like with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
So much dishonest reporting or non-reporting in political mediaan amazing experience for me.
Donald, our prince! Daniel 121 Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will.
. Forget running for president, why dont you run to be an MP here in Scotland!
When we need hope is just the person there to give it... True!
our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!
thinking might be what this country needs a change from career politicians
As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!
You should declare you candidacy on with and and just go all out campaigning.
Come JuneJuly, will take the first step in the process of making America great again!
And I will be watching with great interest.
Please run for President
You always do a job You are indeed a , to
Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Lets Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!
I will be interviewed on at 700 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax
I think would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond! Thanks.
Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldnt get nukes for sure
are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan, but tired of waiting. Stay tuned!
I believe if you run , you would win hands down! .... But, The expectations of you would be enormous.
inspired others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you always are the leader. Nice.
His books have helped me become who i am today. Great.
MR You are an example of how to do what he wants. Thank you.
Melania as First Lady.. Shell go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER TRUE!
Wfinance , skills like no one else,Trump would restore credibility to the presidency
I dont think they are discounting Trump. He hasnt said if he is running yet.
DonaldTrump Hes very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route, he has a great chance
If the 2016 presidential field is so deep, why is DonaldTrump beating so many of their stars?
We have a great field of diverse candidates for Media needs to stop discounting He rocked
I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read! Thank you.
brings great debate and ideas to the campaign, RUN DONALD RUN!!!
With Mr Trump as top man in the World, Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership
Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency!
Please run Mr Trump.
--You may be our last hope.......................
you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.
Hi DT! I heard you on Imus , you spoke wclarity , purpose. Youre right, its not a game, its dire straits. PLEASE RUN!
We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air
Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth
Announce youre running when youre comfortable with the timing. Great.
hurry up and announce that youre running already!
Just announce already Stay tuned.
Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!
Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs, managing foreign policy.
Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit, Mr. Thank you.
You rocked both events. The knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!
My family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the Presidency. in past...
YES-YES-YES 2016-2016-2016
good talk watched on c-span, intelligence. Thanks.
Id vote for you. I always felt you should run.
I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump!
trump for president
The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think youre the only one who can do it.
Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016
Thank you!! really amazing
Trump I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street. Trump v China? China has no chance!
Trump, on others who have spoken to in New Hampshire With all the people youre listening to, you can forget it.
i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!
2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald! Thanks.
they loved you there Thanks!
Answer the call,,just do it,,America needs you,,RUN!!!! Stay tuned!
Good make a decision, are you running or not , we want you , but only you know if you want us . Watch.
reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump.
obviously!!
isnt it refreshing?! Theres hope. Keep up the good work.
Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!
When are you announcing?
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
Mr. made , impression.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
one word to describe Donald? Quality!
Hey call to handle your situation. To harsh.
Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment in MEXICO!!!! The U.S. is getting killed!
. love love love that wall. Memories forever!
I support DonaldTrump 100 for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!
Trump for president.George Will doesnt know business or what this young generation cares about
Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!
. is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
Tonight on the panel we have and What a group of losers on your panel!
Run for president please!
George Will you retire Please
One of the 1st , best sites when 1st coming to the US Inspiration
Friendship can be really tested only in bad times Donald Trump
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. Its my canvas.
5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire
Dont miss the 2nd half of my interview with over on the blog
. Why do you have George Will on your show - hes exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
Looking forward to speaking at 130PM tomorrow in Nashua at Lets Make America Great Again!
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Lets Make America Great Again!
Via by Exclusive Trump Says Obama Shows Total Desperation on Iran
My int. wDon Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action , the border
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.
every Americans dream
Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can imprisoned and tortured in for being a Christian
America needs YOU.
I get into so many arguments over but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better
DonaldTrump Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 911 we can be great again please be 100 in
Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable.
Id think you make a great President but I would really miss Been a fan since the beginning.
I would easily vote for if he ran for president.
I see you.... Looking good!
The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obamas lackeys Youre fired!
I must b out of touch- , r my top picks for presidential pick!
Great seeing w at for
America needs your leadership. Please run for President
Perhaps its time we bring back the , Mista Trump
Great hearing you speak with on this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs
Donalds Policies are the Real Game Plan to Hes also the only 1 to beat
And we will call it Trump Wall Fine with me!
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Jeb Bush - I am a conservative Barack Obama -If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. Its time for an outsider
Via Watch Donald Trump He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, offers countless activities along with top courses
Mexicos court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money , nothing happens.
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting , slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
Via by TRUMP Im going to surprise a lot of people in 2016
UPDATE Trump plans public event at via
My int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again
Trump and Gekko-
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
Via Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall , deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime , anywhere!
The top course on the west coast overlooks Pacific Ocean , offers a luxurious public golf experience
Looking forward to speaking at the Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Lets Make America Great Again!
Friendly Friday Michael Jackson with Donald Trump.
5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire op-ed
Donald Trump I Would Simplify Tax Code as President
Donald Trump and Mike Tyson
If runs for president, my pride as an American will never be stronger.
ford is building a factory in Mexico. Should be in U.S.
would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president. TRUE!
I would easily vote for if he ran for president.
Id think you make a great President but I would really miss Been a fan since the beginning.
lets get trending like crazy!!!
I hope youll announce youre running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w true love for country like you
Part 1 of my int. with discussing why I am strongly considering running for President..
is a true leader we need for this country ...
Melania would make a fantastic First Lady, she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O
I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
has accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs.
RT Success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. Nothing less.
I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyones! Go Mr.Trump
If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable -
Im Looking At It Extremely Seriously Donald Trump Talks About a 2016 Presidential Run VIDEO
Please run for Pres Mr
please run for President! The country needs you!
Booked a corner suite at with for Memorial Day weekend Sure knows how to make a nice hotel!
You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems,you can do this Donald!!! right
politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president.
forget both of them. Lets hear it for ma man
Time for an Entrepreneur President, not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll.....
I believe in you. Go for it.
good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency
we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!
If you run in 2016 how can we be of help.
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Via by Donald Trump Dont politicize Walter Scott shooting
Part 1 of my int. with discussing why I am strongly considering running for President
Via Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May
Today is April 15th, Obamas favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
A talented family led by the best. Thanks Eric, so nice.
Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk.
such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio
The great in my office with my son
Come on Donald, needs you
From my point of view, needs a president like you to get a lot of things right.
is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now.
best day ever? Id say yes.
I just hope is our next president Make America great again!
isnt my guy, he is Americas guy ! So nice, thanks!
IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country.
Ill be staying here next weekend! Cant wait!
Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs.
His biggest asset is that he isnt a professional liar like the rest of them.
u rock Don
Youve said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. could use a shout out from you.
D.T. for president! !!
DonaldTrump Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
See the amazing views from located directly on the Pacific Ocean-
I cant wait to play this course with my Dad Great--enjoy!
I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing!
we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump
America desperately needs leadership , values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump.
we need Trump for President! I agree!
in 2016! this country cant wait any longer.
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
This country desperately needs accountability. in
Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have.
- Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right.
Entrepreneurs Dont be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and its the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss? Dont negate your own power.
North Charleston, SC We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park.
Even if doesnt run for the GOP, Im writing him in on my ballet.
cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really make america great again
you said it best Lets make America great again
The Donald gets things done
. on President Obamas statements in Panama Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.
Yes Yes Yes Im so sick of lying politicians
another great Monday with you on!
thats why we need you Mr. Trump! Youre on the polls so its time you get moving!
Please do another interview. Come on now its been long since you had him on your show. Cant wait
How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!
saying hed use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him
We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Lets show her the competition!
should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician.
Will be on at 700 this morning - enjoy!
we need you as OUR president
Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
How do third rate talents with no smarts like get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO
Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who dont know how to run anything except a campaign!
reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already , doesnt need aggravation
If America was as successful and planned like we would be in good shape.
I bet my mother would be running for president this year... Lets see!!! Watch.
Mitt Romney didnt even know HE was running for POTUS. So true!
if he can run america like he runs a business, hed be a good president You mean great.
Wow, Mitt Romney didnt know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange!
look, DONT be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR
I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP Thank you.
Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS! So true!
If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate I agree!
for president 2061!
because Ill be voting for
Hope runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made
im so ready to have Mr for President PLEASE
The Donald all !
We need as President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on its feet
My Trump is a patriot.
Take some of that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again
for president , everybody knows its the best thing for the country
best looking building in Chicago...
For pres
you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.
This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!
so can u run! Please be our president
is he running? If he is might as well not even run.
vs for the White House would make for awesome debates! I agree!
A great Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
vs for the White House would make for awesome debates!
I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote
Will it be against ? Come on Donald, everyones waiting.
waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same
It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for America needs your leadership!
He gets things done ! So true!
I would vote over
hundreds of Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!
Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.
Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved. EVERYTHING!
The best part about running for president will be losing. I hate her so much.
Can please run for president just so I can watch him and debate.
Whos excited for the hundreds of Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!
the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them! Thank you!
I would love to see how upset would get if she were in a debate against
. has so many service complaints - a total joke!
When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Cant wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.
Dont be so insecure because you KNOW will lose against Trump
behind you Mr Trump. Shes a Nightmare
Folks not aware that could sneak up , be President in 2016. Watch!
announce your presidency. Make America great again. Stay tuned!
shes a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump, blows her outta the water!
if says your service is terrible, it probably is. His hotels are the best, impeccable service.
Vote for , Stop Hillary! She is running for Bills 3rd Term!
After sitting in awful traffic,no parking lots full we gave up on car show today! Trump called it
Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign.
I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety My birthday, interesting.
When r people going 2 wake up , c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy.
Hope youll tell America youre running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge.
the best president for America ever.
TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! When is the announcement??? Lets go!
for President 2016 , for VP! NO more career politicians. ,
Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT
Mr. I agree T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company , turn it into Trump-Mobile!
TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!!
cant wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning!
Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until gets cranked up.
Some Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until gets cranked up.
. I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified.
gave honor , praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits shameful
. gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check. is the best
Everyone including knows sucks.. - Why dont you buy , call it TrumpMobile?
Donald Trump for president!
at,t is the best
Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption, much respect Mr Trump.
i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesnt give u service in central louisiana.
Just find hissy fit with ironic, since yall have room to catch up
. gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like
LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!
This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk
T-Mobile sucks!
This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it!
Guess Had it right. has the best wireless network.
What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great.
TMobile sucks cant believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.
Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obamaadministration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!
even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better.
Just keep doing what youre doing, a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon.
Agreed! Haters! just because they wont ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!
Mr. Trump dont worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company
Why are you even using T mobile? I dont use T-Mobile, bad service!
Thanks they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
Im a TMobile customer 4 10yrs , DT is right. Also hes Presidential unlike Joker in WH now , Hillary the Liar
. u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support Are you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!
Youre the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and thats the kind of president I want!
My man is what a president should be
RT is the best service provider
has already won the election
speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS.
Sure wish youd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.Youve got my vote
then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix
Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you , the country knows youre the person who can save our country!
DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I cant wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!
T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out! for President!
is the best service provider
LRT never thought I would agree with on anything.
. You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!
. T-Mobile service is terrible! Why cant you do something to improve it for your customers. I dont want it in my buildings.
The best in hospitality is at s hotel! Just super!
Without passion, you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it-
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today.
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
For American prosperity, now and for our childrens children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24.
With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN! David, keep up the great work!
Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed. Thanks!
Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. Michael was very misunderstood - a great talent
will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong , proud!
If truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldnt he feel obligated to run? Yes!
I love your show though Donny, Im a fuckung huge fan But our country is dieing!
My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as did at my age.
Thanks Mark, they will!
. Donald Trump for president! Hes the only one who can run a successful business!
You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!
Could it be v for POTUS?
Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it! Cute
Youre the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!
How do I find out where is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one.
President Trump just sounds right! Thanks!
he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey. True!
Ok i saw the interview on I hope you run!
you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track.
The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!
I think he would make a great president but not really sure hell run. Thank you and watch!
. Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
watched, got me pumped
back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport.
Please tell Cruz , Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers
thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow My great honor!
PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Watch and thank you.
If runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!
Obamas average employment is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter!
Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!
as a 100 disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President , make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!
I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!
A Warm Welcome to today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle
Donald Trump doesnt compliment many people. True!
Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN! Thanks Kyle.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
. did a fantastic job on OReilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
When will you have on Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country.
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
. I will be interviewed by Bret on Fox tonight at 600. Watch, it will be good!
Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran negotiations . Obama is a disgrace , an embarassment
Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
thats great and all but are you running for pres Watch!
I wont rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself.
ExclusiveDonald Trump Obama Totally Out-Negotiated by Iran, Taliban, Virtually Every Country in the World -
I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush. Would do a much better job!
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 600 P.M. on Fox. Dont miss it!
DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesnt even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
On my way to to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
Looking in from across the pond, America needs you asap
we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring, i sure hope so
Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine.
I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8,000 week. Just watch!
is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up. Thank you.
We will vote 4 you.
HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD.
Rand, Cruz, Rubio next week. A hat trick of never gonna win Donald if you ever were for real this is the time.
I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can
Go Mr. Trump were pulling for you..
Make America Great Again!
Quote of the Day Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. - Donald Trump
Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!
If you run you will win.. Ive never been wrong. Just be presidential, not a salesman!
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - Im spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
I cant wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country!
U sure could do a lot for the country!
I would 100 recommend everyone watch all of vines.
Rand Paul is a repeat of every other Heard it before We need flat tax 4 DonaldTrump
for president.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. -Donald Trump
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough.
Great interview with It will b interesting 2 c if runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.
Im sure the American voters will say, Mr Trump you are hired!
DonaldTrump Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Meeting Trump
TONIGHT at 10 on CSN talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia
. We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape!
is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasnt even warmed up yet. America Needs !Thanks
Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right.
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people dont think Im running!
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
. why is it necessary to comment on . looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me
DonaldTrump Thank you so much for your amazing HOPE message!!! Im so grateful.
Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again. Thank you.
just run!
F.Y.I Will make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason.
Please mak it a 100 chance youll run for President! I could make this country great again
All you need to do is announce and were there!
agree 100
for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country
Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!
is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!
Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper
The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree?
How much money is the extremely unattractive both inside and out Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
As dishonest as is I say is worse. Neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business!
when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know youre running!
is triumph. Next year sounded the trumpets!
You should be on as a guest star. Nice show!
DonaldTrump great brunch yesterday at Mar a Lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids
Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow Trump National in VA Best in world
. we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
I know you will do great things for the USA!
The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.
PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA
Obamas promises on the Iran deal are like him promising if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it -
Via Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala
Via by Eugene Dunn 2016 is the year of Donald Trump
Miamis top destination, remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas
Congratulations to on being named the award. Well-earned , well-deserved!
Looking forward to visiting on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual , local rights!
Congress must stop Obamas reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
. admitted their scam. Phony and others are no better-- total joke!
its time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!
I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! You are right!
for president
I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!
always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen
nice segment on you have my vote
Will be doing this morning at 700. ENJOY!
Greatest Easter greeting ever RT I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
I hope u run for president. U have my vote
. have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
Declare Your Candidacy! Right time, Right age, Right mind wcommon sense, Right Leadership
. NYC course just opened, and it is spectacular Thank you Joe!
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those suffering!
I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour
That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!
I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR
It showed. Hell be up in NH for FITN. Cant wait to see him. Will tweet pictures to
One could only hope that will run for president. Had enough of Obamas poor choices in office.
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Via Opens In The Bronx
is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Lets make America great again!
Oil is under $50barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal.
Via Trump transformation on course
Watch my appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran-
Very excited to start reading after being so inspired by Great. Good luck!
Reading Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president!
For all the AMAZING people in the world with ,
Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal , who would not make a bad deal w
Friendliness, professionalism , sheer dedication of staff should be pointed out to the boss
Fun chatting w Derek Hough, Donald Trump, Zac Posen, Harvey Weinstein, Meredith Vieira and more
Suffolk Univ. Poll Trump Leads Cruz, Rubio in New Hampshire
I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.
Entrepreneurs Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs Realize that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. Nothing less.
Must read via by Mr. President Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?
Obamas offer to Iran will not stop Irans breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Lets make America great again!
Via by Trump Youre Hired
Via by Donald Trump Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesnt Make Deal
Via Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President Donald Trump
I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing! Thanks!
The townhall question segment of my Commitment 2016 Conversation Great questionspeople
Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great by his wonderful son
Be careful with Iran.
My friend is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night.
Thank you for having on!! Want to see him educate reps on !!
Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.
Saw you on tonight. Go Trump!
RUN Mr Trump! Run! I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read Art Of The Deal
Im loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.
best Ive seen you oreilly. U bring a lot to the table , r a true citizen.
Just watched you on Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!
Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants death to America a reality
You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country! Thanks.
Get in there and straighten this country out!
Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.
Excellent appearance on OReilly Factor tonight. The smart guy is what this country needs.
Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!
The Smart Guy I love that slogan! Trumps Smart Guy approach me
Good interview on OReilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w currency to win trade over USA companies.
great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!
is not a Perfect. Build back a great Say what u mean , Get it done.
MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!! Thanks.
Great interview on OReilly tonight!
- I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back - he is a Patriot
Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Trump would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... , in ONE day!!!
good job on OReilly tonight!
Thats why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!
for president !!
This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!
my money is on you in making a deal with Iran.
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
You cant make a BAD Deal GOOD
will bring back. Our and needs a like Donald Trump.
Run Run!
Im with you,
v Bill youre out of your league. Don knows what hes saying
- We need Trump as President!
for president !
Great interview on !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!
The Smart Guy I love that slogan!
Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!
Trump is RIGHT we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast
I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now
I love you youre an American original. Dont ever change. Thank you.
Whats happening to us is not a question of tough,its a question of smart. Hurry and run already, we need to get smart
Id vote for b4 christie jeb schumio
is a master negotiator. Obama cant even operate a toaster.
Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!
PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMAS MALADIES!
Don you have to run
First election I can vote in... I want to run for president.
You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?
The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP
Turn on now and enjoy true brilliance!
We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump, America needs you!
I would support you if you were going to get in the race Thanks.
Your exactly correct. Dont let me down by not running for President!
You can count me in! Why do you think Im Because I believe in you and trust your judgement!
I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy.
its going 2 b good
I will be on tonight at 800. Enjoy!
I will be on Bill OReillys show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics.
Entrepreneurs Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs Ask yourself What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Lets make America great again!
Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal. Think Big
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL , REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Via as seen on Trump Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
Hoping to see in office for the next 8 years
I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016
Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be!
The border is wide open for cartels , terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall , deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
My Commitment 2016 Conversation with discussing leadership, China, healthcare , veterans
Via by James Q. Lynch Trump to run typical caucus campaign, but bigger
US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport via
Wow, what a nice honor!
Via Poll Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President
the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown via by
I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change.
I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster.
. calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal.
You know we are desperate, so time to announce
I am tired of thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.
please run for president this country needs a real leader please
I always enjoy your straight talk. Im afraid America cant handle the truth. Perhaps so!
Trump 2016
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved...
Doesnt suprise me one little bit, look who is running luxury Donald Trump that master of what people want
Everytime comes to Scotland, its always sunny. Its not often for the sun to be out in Scotland
Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once its finished!
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight
Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch! Thanks.
Off to tonight for the dinner. Looking forward to seeing , hearing his speech!
looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from
Look forward to hosting clients , guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker
big things expected from tonights key note speech
Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! Americas future president
Looking forward to tonights Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015
I agree------&gt, The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!
Fantastic advice as always. Thanks.
ICYMI, via by Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education
Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink Gov. can be efficient wleadership , business acumen.
Message to Obama re Iran The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. The Art of the Deal
I dont care what anyone says Ill take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!
Looking forward to speaking Convention in Nashville The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!
Flashback July 14Trump Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By Gang That Couldnt Shoot Straight
Entrepreneurs Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. Youve got to know where theyre coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs When negotiating, dont be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.--
The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader
You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter
We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!
Trump for president!!!
The more I read about the more I want him to be President. His directness , honesty just makes sense.
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesnt know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
you will get my vote.
Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbeg
Via Trump Politicians are all talk no action, Im the opposite
Donald Trump launches new mens fragrance-- Empire -- Because every man has his own empire to build
First time in the fabled Toronto - concierge was amazing, , experience is the right word Thx
Many people think that WM23 the battle of the billionaires was the greatest of all timeset all records
Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness. Pres. Ronald Reagan
My int. on with at OPO discussing my potential candidacy , making America great again
Via by Trump on 2016 Run I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts
Via by Eugene R. Dunn Iran a clear danger
via Only one man up for the job of president
. Favorite Miami Hot Spots
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterdays Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring
you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around Thanks.
A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN
Dream Debate 4 Clinton vs Trump Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!!
Watching right now...Im game! Lets take it and win!
id vote for you..
For POTUS
Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for it Youll see!
Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have
I totally agree I almost cried watching interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America
Watching Mighty Planes about private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. Hes as impressive as the jet. Thank you.
I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone into his beautiful its beautiful!!
the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. Hes America.
What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!
Go to show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men.
I would vote for for President with as vice president. That would work for people in Fla.
You are the best choice to turn around the country.
I am on now!
So true after reading the Art of the Deal
Entrepreneurs Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs Trust your instincts, even after youve honed your skills. Theyre there for a reason.
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
With in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST!
Please save America! The country has over $18 trillion in debt!
Hi Katie, lets get Donald Trump in the WH. Hes the man to get this country back in order!
Mr. Trump IS Mr. NYC Lets make him Mr. President I am ready to work-it to get you in!
I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful
Via by Donald Trump a very dishonest organization
My int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations , making America great again
You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial repair to America! Thx
please run for president and get our country running better!
Great! I cant get enough of that fantastic place. Thanks
Agree. Especially when have the best course and rates going.
Mr. Trump, please run. Youd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270
Please run you will win. We need you
this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!
Donald Trump is the hope of America!
Please!
Heard might be running for Think that would be pretty cool actually.
you would be doing our country a favor by running for President.
Heard you on 770 today. You should run.
trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump, The US needs you!!
Listening to DonaldTrump interview on Hes so far above the rest of the field as a practical, realistic leader
At this point, every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! We need you, sir! Run!
Youre my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they dont you should fire them. Cute!
my 2 favorites!
Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again.
Annoyed Cruz running becos I dont like anyone cept
Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not, he gets it.
Cant wait to see miraculous border fence when hes elected President in 2016!
for president 2016!!
You have my vote
Im patiently awaiting a big announcement...
2016
you have to run!! Your next!!
for president
you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs.
My dream! is an example of life
plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!
this country needs you!!
1 I will vote for you
Run Donald Run
Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP, but I WILL if u run.
Run Donald Run!
When you become President, who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you.
Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced hes running because I dont like anyone except
love YA Donald!!
Amazing double rainbow above the course A Good Omen for DonaldTrump
please run , you are republicans only hope
I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees navet of America vs China
Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN.
Currently rooting for to announce his 2016 campaign
Make the announcement June 14th !
Please tell me youre going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you!
Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do.
Run Donald Run!
well make an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!
I cant wait for to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate.
behind-the-scenes Here I am with on set! He joins me at 9p ET tune in.
Will be on tonight at 900. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
Just finished watching celebrity apprentice on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause
In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government via by
ICYMI, Raw video Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepaneks Amherst reception via
Via by Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June
Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations
great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done Thanks.
I think is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is.
just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.
America needs He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists.
Go Team Trump!
Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed. Thank you.
great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!
Enjoying thinking face
i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life. Great, you will be very successful!
Will be on at 700 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite, friendly staff, delicious food and beautiful setting.
It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep , I at VIP Recept in Amherst, NH
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? inside the pages of our
I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. Theyre looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!
for president? Haha. Really You should run as support for not as a candidate.
You will have my vote.
Yes, I loved it! Close to for train travellers, which is what I was.
Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests
hell yes!!! Id vote for in a heartbeat!!!
. discusses our program
what a great credit to Donald Trump Thanks.
Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business Good luck.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
I cant decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President!
Entrepreneurs Let your actions show that youre the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Entrepreneurs Set the example, and youll be a magnet for the right people. Thats the best way to work with people you like.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful!
I really love and admire high level of work ethic , motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs! Thanks
you have my vote!
President Donald Trump would be an awesome presence in , and we regain respect.
. New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline.
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon!
While Ill miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think its great that will try for the White House.
You have my vote!
Trump Intl Hotel , Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location , is the signature restaurant.
Right now... I would vote for for president.
I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in how lucky other parts get to benefit!
He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect Americas interests worldwide.
Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice, we need a real President! Id vote for him! Love to see him on
Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!
He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable
hell yes!!! Id vote for in a heartbeat!!!
DonaldTrump We need you to run and WIN! A true patriot with only the countrys best interest at heart.
Please Run for the president, and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!
You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!
Ive never voted... If runs for .... Im voting for him
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness.
April is Autism Awareness Month, join me in raising awareness - get your Light It Up Blue sign here!
For The Love of The United States of America dont let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense
Please run , save this country
woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that!
The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this countrys future
Mark it down has my vote Great!
run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again
Trumpy really loves the Irish!
Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world.
and the Irish love Trump!
Entrepreneurs See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. Whats strong? Whats weak? Whats missing?
Entrepreneurs We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
Entrepreneurs Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
when discouragement comes in the business, what would be your suggestion? You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward.
Im a fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS! True!
Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear, straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob US has!
agree , he has my vote !!
is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us. True!
Run Donald, RUN!
We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done! for president!
Is it just me or does seem nice?
If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around
any tips on staying motivated? Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- , dont lose momentum.
when starting a business, what is the most important aspect? Find work that you love--be passionate about it.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio , 16 acres of practice facilities.
Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now! Great!
a great candidate for president! H-ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u
I enjoy seeing on President Trump has a lovely ring to it, I think.
you sound really presidential on 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win
i cant wait
My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings
. at 700 A.M.
Back in for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended
Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig.
As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I havent been able to put down The Art Of The Deal Great book!
dont follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire
yes sir, wish you were President with decision power to lead this Country back to greatness
Via Taking Seriously Very interesting, check it out!
we need for president So true, thanks!
Boy did Pharrell , Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what youre doing.
Entrepreneurs What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard , then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts , people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Omg for president please
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, Donald Trump. Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
Watch, listen, and You cant know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. - Donald Trump
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the worlds top luxury hotels
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! Its now or never! We need leadership!
Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time.
is more than an entrepreneur... Hes an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016 Thank you!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President
The White House is waiting for you to move in, Mr. Trump.
If there is anything America desperately needs, its a Trump run!
Cant wait to play this April. Tee time already booked. Thanks for another great course.
would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!
Do it.
Hes the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count.
If Mr. Trump runs for president, we will vote
Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could
Vote For President.
Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater area!
great Hotel!! Stayed there twice.
Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back.
Say what you want about The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!!
Entrepreneurs Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
please hurry up , run, Ill vote for you!!!
cant wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. Thanks
Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great
Please announce that youre running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!
Theres only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this country...Donald Trump 2016
I see it every day from the Whitestone - cant wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmaxs
Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah
GET READY!! The tee sheet opens TODAY 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th!
Your son Eric is awesome.
-You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead
Awesome!
Its so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!
The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at -
Trump Chicago is my favorite.
Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls throw your hat in the ring!
Announced today the 33rd Grand Slam of Golf to be held Oct2015
and discussing the in New York The best hotels
If gave a State of the Union address, Id listen.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for DonaldTrump - hes the best candidate out there.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
I am happy to announce that the will be held at this year! Follow for more!
Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building! Thanks!
Jean Georges is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building Thank you.
Trump International Hotel , Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges
The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it
Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. Donald Trump
I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business, going for gold. Thank you. Great--good luck!
Entrepreneurs Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what youre doing.
Entrepreneurs Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art , working is art , good business is the best artAndy Warhol
The course looks magnificent ! Thank you.
any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector? Know your territory.
The Blue Monster was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players , critics alike loved it.
. Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. Ive long been your fannow am an even bigger fan!
thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business? The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch
Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great, great hotel!!
your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!
glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!
when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president.
What a way to start my week! Love it!
thats what a president of United States should sound like.
Will be on at 700 - 5 minutes.
The Q Is Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote.
Extraordinario Concierto en con Great concert at
Todays final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
Donald for President Trump is triumph
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship, we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyones golf game. Its called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
The harder you work, the luckier you get. -- Gary Player
We are breaking into real estate investing and we love because he knows his business!! Great, good luck!
Only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be President! We dont need another mediocre politician.
Donald Trump for president
If doesnt run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV
Also, I want to hit new course, Ferry Point, when it opens. Views cant be beat.
I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say I really hope does run for president
Save us youre our only hope!
Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!
Quality fans, bro. Go Donald,your are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016
Donald Trumps Ferry Point Golf Course Accepting Tee Times -
2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed, praying for you and the country.
US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire as Captain! Best course owner ever THANK YOU!
well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA
Trump for President. Youve had my vote a long time ago.
Mexicos court system corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
we need you in Washington. Weve got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle. VERY TRUE!
Dont ever change who you are!! I promise!
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexicos interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
The property and course look spectacular! Thank you!
WOW!
On my way to What better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!
Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!
Looking at compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. WE CAN DO THIS
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLDS TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
Ill b there in a couple hours! Cant wait to see what this place looks like!
th crystal ball to see th future True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump
for president
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class Thanks.
Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? Its important!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
Just arrived at for the starting tomorrow-
With my friends at the great Boost event at the at
Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue!
All 50 of the WORLDS TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
I think should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader.
have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan
great posts. As a budding entrepreneur, I appreciate the quotes Great--work hard and good luck!
Trump International Hotel , Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city.
Entrepreneurs Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
Entrepreneurs Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. You havent-- so dont limit yourself!
Entrepreneurs Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Entrepreneurs Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities , possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
Via by Donald Trump I want to run for president so badly
Via by Q,A Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf , the Championships
Via by Trump Slams Liberals In Dishonest Press Im Going To Start Naming Names
Via by Trump Im the only one who can beat Hillary
Via by Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted hes serious about running for POTUS.
Exclusive We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS
Be sure to watch my speech with intro by and a Q,A with
Via by About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC ...
Via by Donald Trump scolds Republicans Toughen up
Via Donald Trump I Am Not Doing This For Fun, We Cant Fix U.S. Unless We Put Right Person In WH
Via DONALD TRUMP EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION WORSE THAN ITS EVER BEEN
Via by Trump Slams Bush I Dont See Him Winning, I Dont See Theres Any Way
Donald Trump ready to end for White House run via via by
Via by Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At
Interview wMelanie Batley via Newsmax
With the cast of GoodFellas
Via by Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed
Via by Obama One Of The Worst Things Thats Ever Happened To Israel
Via by Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig
Trump Intl Hotel, Washington D.C. The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the worlds great hotels.
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexicobut face itMexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
Why dont you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor. Great idea.
just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!
Good Chance Trump Will Run for President via by
Via MAJOR COUP DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN
should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
classic!
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular!
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean...
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weatherboring and too many other topics.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlythere is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedand nobody sees it!
Put the glamour, beauty , mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, , most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.
I told everybody the Oscars were no goodNielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
The is a total joke , laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They dont report the facts!
I have a lawsuit in Mexicos corrupt court system that I won but so far cant collect. Dont do business with Mexico!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico , why notthey are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever, WORLDS LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
I told you the Oscars were terriblebad look, bad talentand among the lowest ratings in shows history. ...
The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. True!
had a run round Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished. Thanks.
Entrepreneurs Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you dont, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs Identify your goals -- and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Dont become complacent!
THE DONALD GOT A MUSKET via
Trump to host
My int. with in South Carolina with cadets on my 757 discussing 2016
Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings
I would love to just chill and talk with about life. Man is a genius! Thanks.
just turned it on!! Cant wait to see you at Great.
Great morning, coffee and on this morning. Doesnt get much better than that.
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours
we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!
I love and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. Thanks.
watching you now on RUN DONALD RUN!!!!
RUN DAMN IT!
you too Gerald! Thanks for watching! Great job Heather!
always on point
nice job this morning on ! You have my vote, not Walker
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!
like Rosie ODonnell loves Donald Trump Interesting.
i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Two Canadian Coast Guard ships sent to rescue U.S. freighter stuck in ice.
I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a If that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty
Donald Trump promises world-class Crandon Park golf course via by
Via by Bill Van Smith reminisces amid honor at
Ill sign up too. Where? When? Im ready.
run baby run!!! We need you!
The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.
I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN .
Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs. My pleasure. Work hard!
Entrepreneurs Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
Entrepreneurs Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs Difficulties, mistakes , setbacks are an inevitable part of business , life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor.
. will be featured on this morning now.
Most people in the US want to Be President...Really Nice.
Your not fired ! your hired!
Please, Please, please run for President, Im begging!!!!
you got my vote for 2016!
Good Evening Mr President!
We are looking forward to welcoming you...
To me, what matters is doing, and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money. -
is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around. I agree!
beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!
Via by Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th Miss P, visited today-
Via
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting!
Congrats to of TrumpCollections on being a James Beard semifinalist via
Entrepreneurs Ignorance is not bliss, its fatal. Its costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Entrepreneurs Pay attention to your negotiation skills. Its all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Entrepreneurs Its often to your advantage to be underestimated.
this country is ready for a true leader, and that leader is you! I agree!
Watching reruns of the apprentice absolutely love brilliant!!
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
Via The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE
Looking forward to being honored at Patriot Dinner with in Charleston, SC this Sunday
Via by Cathy Burke Donald Trump on 2016 Bid On Scale of 1-10 Im Much More Than Five
My joint int. on with recapping , discussing the 2016 election
The Great Irish Links Challenge , Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Dont miss it.
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
If ran for president, Id vote for him in a heartbeat.
my hero and Americas hero! Thank you.
run for president
Geraldo Trump Would Make US a Successful Capitalist Entity
mom - leave me alone I want to just be with Cute!
Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!
Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap Celebrity Apprentice A look back at the exciting season
YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!
Congratulations
By NY Post caught LYING Again! ... The Donald should go far. Actually, if I run, Ill win.
Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!
Loved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!
Congrats for donating millions to various charities!
Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing, classy competitor.
. is channeling this morning in Studio 1A!
so excited about another season of
Even admitted you were nice and a joy to work with.
Dalys so happy 4 Leeza. I was hoping shed win all along.
Please dont stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show.
I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful.
Looking forward to Season 15!!! My favorite show
Thank you for amazing tribute to my mom Beyond touched. Xx
LOVE Thanks for saying what we think.
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.
You need to be the President Thank you.
You need to be the President
thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce hes running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way
any coincidence finale is on Presidents Day?
Paulina Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
LeezaGibbons Ratings for have been at an all time high!
Cant Wait! The show is already Great!
cant wait!!! Took day off.
season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show!
Via by EXCLUSIVE Donald Trump talks possible presidential run
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
ANYTHING WITH THE NAME IS EPIC Thanks.
will be EPIC!
I hope Geraldo wins...
should win! She has grown so much and is a natural born leader! So professional and kind. Shes a gift!
Leza Gibbons hands down! Geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader.
Geraldo..hes the man to beat..!
- Huge fan of , your legendary career! TX for sharing your wisdom , courage.
. will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
Will you be my valentine ??? Or at least run for president?
my God, I would pay to see you destroy Hillary in a debate, please run!
Great meeting today!
It MUST be because she is well rounded, hardworking, kind , professional. SHES HIRED!
Congrats to in JCOPE victory over lightweight
Trump in Chicago is ALMOST as beautiful as Mar-A-Lago
thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this Valentines Day
please run for
JCOPE secret proceedings render it useless. Time to close it down.
Congrats Mr. Trump justice prevails
Happy Valentines Day to you and your lovely wife. Jesus Loves you both.
Via by Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics
Score one for the Donald in his battle with
Any chance you can make America 5Star please?
I live for every word this man says icon
The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general! Thanks
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing
RT Congratulations Five-Star ratings
The most beautiful summary why real estate matters!
Donald Trump MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkers College A Double Standard - Breitbart via
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - Donald Trump
Its tangible, its solid, its beautiful. Its artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate. -Donald Trump
Donald Trump MSM Investigation into Scott Walkers College a Double Standard - Hes right
Donald Trump Rips Media for Scott Walker Investigation Why Didnt They Go to Obamas Schools?
Obama records still a mystery - TheDonald MSM Investigation Into Scott Walkers College A Double Standard
I like thinking big... if youre going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big. - Donald Trump
Trump is right
Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. Donald Trump
Congratulations to on your Forbes Five-Star ratings
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show.
I still dont know who Im going to choose. or Who do you like?
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of Monday night at 8 PM
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war - Donald Trump.
I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. -Donald Trump
I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I dont know everything. Donald Trump
. Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
Top 100 Golf Courses
one of the million reason to stay at Trump Turnberry
cocktail time at Trump Turnberry
Today is a memorable day, the team has begun to turf our new pitch , putt! What an amazing place!
stands in defense of college record Donald J. Trump stands in...
Via by DONALD TRUMP MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKERS COLLEGE A DOUBLE STANDARD
With
If I could only read one of your books, which one would you recommend? The Art of the Deal.
Entrepreneurs See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Entrepreneurs Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history.
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course.
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Inspiring! Determination , perseverance will pay off The Success of Donald Trump
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
The Success of Donald Trump - Read on
ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire this weekend will be nothing less than EPIC
Trump Intl Golf Links , Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary!
Entrepreneurs Dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. Dont sell yourself short!
Entrepreneurs Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. Its a very empowering attitude!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful! ...
The Success of Donald Trump -
you the truth!! I love you
Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.
disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.
Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye!
Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses
I began reading quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!
was right about She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance.
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!
Donald Trump Congratulated on for Receiving the Liberty Award via
Via by Donald Trump on Snow, Salt, Vaccines, and the Oval Office
Entrepreneurs Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs Be passionate--you have to love what youre doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Via by Diary And Now There Are Two
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
With Americas debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country.
your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!
Im not, because if he runs the White House will be his.
not only nice hair, he is a warrior , leader! You can trust him. He genuinely loves America , American.
Liar. Forbes has net worth at $4 billion.
trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hairbest president. Wow!
Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold , poop
Why did give so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
Thanks for standing up for the truth.
I am voting for to win He is not as slimy as I thought. He has integrity and does not lie.
This is what I like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right out.Thats how its done
for president
Did U see Asselrod on last night?? He mentioned your name. He is such an arrogant asshole
Its only 6am and is already putting people in their places via Twitter! Trump for president 2016!!!
SHOW, THE IS THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV.
REALLY? David Axelrod comparing to UNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!! NO COMPARISON!!!
You looked very presidential last night on the telly Thank you.
sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you.
Cant win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . .
is up early putting ignorant people in their place
I knew when I heard him say it you would speak up. Good on ya!
I hope you run for president!
. I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
. use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
Watched on and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
I hated you firing too many people at once, not exciting, total bummer.Please, one at a time, psyched for next season
best top three ever , so much respect for MsFox!
Idk what Im gonna do with my life now that is almost over lol
Excited to see who will win next Monday! Such a great season.
. Noooo! You cant stop now!! I need more
why is your season so rushed??? Hes getting ready to campaign!
Monday night...who needs football when you have
I would wanna work for him. I worked for GW Bush and would wanna work for Trump.
this is my favorite show!!!!
Although I dont love Geraldo on his charity is really needed ,I hope he wins!
I met at CHA. Shes as amazing in person as she is on TV. Beautiful inside , out! my pick
I agree why less episodes. are fools
I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice.
is the best reality show! Im a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.
I just hate when ends cuz IT TAKES SO LONG FOR A NEW SEASON!
Love the flashback! The winners are always the good people who DONT play dirty. Donald keeps it
I would support you. I think you are very smart! Thank you.
When does the next season start? cant end something this good!
Donald looking to clean house , run for president?
class act!!!!
is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president, Mr. Trump!
is a class act!
glad hes back.
Great show! good time to replay past relationships lol Hope Leeza wins! Would love to see NYC , Trump Towers one day!
the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of and I cant wait for the finale!
I feel robbed out of 3 hours of CA with these 4 straight firings
Whats up cutting season so short. Very disappointing. Still a Great show but way to fast.
shouldve made it farther He is terrific!
much respect for tonight
Had a feeling itd be vs My $ is on Leeza! PS I wanna fly on jet!!
love the past fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!
love the show
You were a Class Act When you told that deserved to be C.A.
So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move Ive ever seen on
Watching , is pure class!!!!
thanks for bringing it down to and
why is your season so rushed???
I have been waiting all my life for this recap episode.
Nobody out thinks me D.Trump right! show
This show is pure genius!
Please bring back to the show.
That was the best TV moment ever!
How can anyone watch when Apprentice is on? Im still reeling from multiple firing last week
kinda??? Cmon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!
The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait.
I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!
After watching this episode of Celebrity Apprentence no one can say anything about
Gary Busey was one of my absolute favorites on He has a big
Loving this look back at the Best of
where did you get your boardroom table? Need to purchase one that size Cute!
I kinda liked Kenya on CA
made Top 5 list of all time FAILS!
favorite fails is MY favorite!
The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice - on my victory over
my son didnt know who Meatloaf was so showed him Paradise by Dashboard lights
Yaaaaay on this is the best!
DonaldTrump Dont forget to watch tonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC. Wouldnt miss it!
Clearly, you are a master of marketing and business success.
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonights I cant wait!
Thank you for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched!
its going to be very tough because has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonights
Dont forget to watch tonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC.
Via by Donald Trump US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerrys Imagination
Via By Eugene Dunn Trump could lead U.S. forward
please run and save us in 2016!!!!
There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing.
yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo hes a cunning one one I would turn my back on
President Trump
DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that hell have miss remembered that he already won
I miss this beautiful place. and my gorgeous friends...
Mr. Trump, next CeleApprentice needs to have Brian Williams please.
definitely rooting for I think she deserves it the most.
Go . Classiest lady to ever grace the show
I enjoyed this season! Youve done it again!
Best reality show on television!
Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to Get in and Get it Done
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 800.
Donald, Run for president man, Seriously. Make it official.
Donald Trump plans return to Iowa via
Via The Donald at
Trumps Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo
Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world, the USA!
I predicted Rosie ODonnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
Via by Trumps Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo
By Hey Washington Post, Only You Hate Donald Trump or Is it FEAR?
RT The CPAC Team is excited to announce that will be speaking at CPAC 2015!
Happy Birthday President Reagan
The golden rule of negotiation He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
My fathers 4 step formula for success Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out. -- Fred C. Trump
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Trump Intl Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so.
The Art of The Deal, one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs
Via by EXCLUSIVE DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC
Honors Donald Trump, at Second Annual Jewish 100 Gala via
Entrepreneurs Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Via The Washington Times Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar
Entrepreneurs Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
Its not that Im so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
I just answered my Facebook fans questions in the latest watch the video-
Mr. Trump, as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read? Start with Art of the Deal.
Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbert!! Cant wait to see ur hotel in DC!
a bit behind with apprentice UK but art gallery show was unreal great show sir
thank you for being so gracious. Beautiful hotel.
The Donald fired THREE people this past episode thats why hes the best!
Via by Donald Trump, Headline Gala
Trump Intl Hotel , Tower, Toronto. in all of Canada.
Via Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home dcor
Must read opinion piece by CEO Jim Clifton The Big Lie 5.6 Unemployment Just as I have long been saying...
Entrepreneurs Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Dont sell yourself short.
Entrepreneurs See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs Dont put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Trump Intl Hotel , Tower Chicago has won many awards , accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant.
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.
Were worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Via by 8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That Emphasizes
Such handsome men! Great pic! Thank you.
With three wonderful, but fired, contestants-
Congratulations for being named in Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting!
Entrepreneurs Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs Money is not always the bottom line it can be a score card, not the final score.
Entrepreneurs Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I dont think so. Great danger to U.S.
MUST READ President Obamas Amnesty At Any Price Congress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty!
As usual Celebrity Apprentice never fails to entertain-Another great season-Cant wait for finale
What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction! -- Donald
Im saying.. really laid down the smack last night!! had to pick up my jaw!
you were great!! Such a great team player!!!
Thank you for creating a real realitea! That actually helps charity!
I Loved ever minute! Never a dull moment on
she was wonderful Melissa! Truly missed! Cherish your memories!
Mothers looks and dads smarts shell go far. True.
Thank you for always treating her with love and respect
It was very touching to see her! Miss her dearly
are you going to be at this year? I cant wait to hear from you there!
Im mad rushed this season, they cheated the viewerscelebritiessponsors
LOL I remember those episodes...priceless
yeah couldnt believe what just happened
West Coast, get ready! truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight!
this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!
Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired! Favorite Monday TV Show
There will never be anyone as I Bet
Tonights shows are fantastic! Love this season.
Seeing is so tough, but also so very special! Glad she was on this season. to
Just seeing on the makes me want to cry.
LUV LUV LUV that left the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!
. glad to see Kenya go. Even gladder to see again. Love you Joan!
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800. Its been hilarious ! Good pick Mr Trump!
That was insane.
yay Joan Rivers is back
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF POWER BUT BRINGING BACK ... INCREDIBLE!!!
great seeing Joan on todays
Im gonna cry its Joan Rivers
MISSING less in life now!
With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom, you could start a theatre company.
Nice to have this footage of Joan.
Toxic Trick is my new favorite Clearly was right about
Did steal phone and Tweet about menopause?
love the drama
love this show and Donald!!! I hate drama..unless its not mine
This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Cant wait for the boardroom !!
Bravo!! Leader of vast inteligence!! Awesome TV, inspires, never gives a stale second!!!
Do you see how disgustingly disrespectful is to , yet she says shes nothing but nice to people?
watching Celebrity Apprentice right now! I love this show!!!
For the record I think rocks and I would never boycott - the entire Trump family is amazing.
this episode beats Pierceomarosa and Joan Annie Duke
Get rid of already Shes a bitch no matter who shes with.
Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby!
it will be if Kenya goes home. She is a ridiculous untalented egotist.
watching makes me even more
Watching Celebrity Apprentice! I hope wins!! Love her!
Im watching Mr. Trump! Now and every year past. LOVE IT ! And Im a HUGE fan of u, Sir. Thanks.
!!!!!!! RT Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800.
another drama filled hour ! Cannot wait to see who is going home today.
i love that tie you are wearing. Presidential. MACYS!
Its Apprentice time
Cant wait to see how plays out
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800. Ready
If doesnt fire Kenya tonight SOMEHOW Im over this show. Come on Don, youre smart. Get rid of her.
Cant wait to see tonight! is my absolute favourite!!!
Next president of the United States of America. youve got my vote.
lets get it on baby!!! Celebrity apprentice its on!!!
Getting ready to tune in for another great episode of
awesome. We all know your keepin it real.
Bringing everthing i got tonight all for the children with EB. ..
u are so nice on ur show! Xo
Its a night!!!! Wonder who will fire.
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 800.
Lets together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at
Via by 3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump
Remember, tonights 8 oclock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best everyou will see nothing like it on tv.
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!
Entrepreneurs Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth.
Great job on Tv this morning. Thanks.
Entrepreneurs Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs Set your mind on winning and losing wont have a chance. See yourself as victorious!
Tonights episode of is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Dont miss it!
My int. Once a Choker, Always a Choker DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out
Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl History fire his ass!
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Via by John Skipper North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but hell have to prove it
I am sick of Geraldo
Kenya is a dirty thief! I hope she gets FIRED.
Im looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 800 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
stayed there many times its
Salute to . Thanks
Kind Compassionate Heart! Proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have Dads Heart! Thank you!
Wont tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom.
And now trying to rewrite herself as honest person who refused to do drama. Ha!
If you run for president I would vote for you. This country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician.
Via Wears 2014s $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look
Talk Feud via by Virnelli Mercader
Donald Trump I Will Take Full Credit for Romney Dropping Out via by
you have my vote
With all due respect, Why are you bluffing about running for President? I would vote for you!! We need a game Changer! WATCH!
Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever
if ran for president that would make me so happy
Congrats Trump its a great location
TRUMP FOR AMERICA!
I hope you can go to and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
I cant wait till simply the best!
What an amazing hotel. Worth every penny and then some. Thank you
voted Thanks.
An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?
we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president
Its time for .
wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode I cant wait!
Thanks Patti, I hope they vote
I voted 4 do YOU want to run4president on the Republican side?Vote here Vote
Whether you think you can or think you cant, youre right. -- Henry Ford
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to runand we will win!
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt choked and would do it againeverybody said yeah, hes right.
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the racelooks like he wont be endorsing Trump any time soon.
President Trump? via by Wayne E. Williams
Mitt did the right thingnot because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit , they are rightMitt wouldnt have won anyway.
Via by Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City
Trump Intl Hotel , Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city
Entrepreneurs Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Entrepreneurs What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and youll be a winner .
My int. on Donald Trump, presidential politics and The Factor
Trump Intl Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean , is Resort in EuropeConde Nast Traveler
Congrats to celebrating 51 consecutive months as the Honolulu Hotel on
You are the best and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books! Thanks and good luck.
Im obsessed with Honestly, Mr Trump, you are very inspiring
We need a President that is for the USA, Donald Trump knows how to make an empire. inc.-Buffy
really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around.
Fallout from Iowa Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response via by Jim Meyers
Via Trump, Make Up After Digs at Each Other
Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers , Donald Trump Next Month...
Cant wait to see the beautiful on live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
run for president!
Donald, you are my best mentor to richest and successful
Via by DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD
Entrepreneurs There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Entrepreneurs Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Dont give in and dont give up!
Entrepreneurs Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
Thanks Joe!
I personally love and really hope he runs for Prez! Thanks
I dont care what anyone says about him, I will always love Nice!
Think would be a great President
Love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.TVwith a social conscience.About time
. - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!
. was 100 correct when she stated that used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
Donald Trump 2016 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful via
They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent. EXACTLY what America needed to hear! Thanks.
Entrepreneurs Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
Entrepreneurs Dont tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
Congratulations are in order! ranks Top Hotel in Panama by Awards!
Obama- stop chewing gum!
My parentsTrust in God and be true to yourself. -- Mary MacLeod TrumpKnow everything you can about what youre doing. Fred C. Trump
. continues to deliver the goods
Surprise, used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the showthen talked about everyone else but me!
and whats wrong???
Ok Mr get beyond talking and start doing. Announce a run, dont just talk. Watch!
Via by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford Donald Trump towers over GOP field They hate us because they aint us.
Trump Never Give Up on Farmland Value Rally
By NY Post caught LYING Again! The Donald should go far. Actually, if I run, Ill win.
The grey sofa dont match, Sir... but It is just my taste. I agree, but likes it - too bad.
When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! T
loves the
Excellent article, read to the end Thanks Mark, and keep up the great fight!
Getting ready to go on - two great people!
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the dont like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said bull.
Wow, I have always liked the but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Going over to to do LIVE at 900.
Another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages. SO TRUE!
I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you, but you werent on! Missed you! Wednesday!
But, I loved seeing brand on show. Her shoes are my favorite. I have a closet full. Great
Love and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for
I want to win Shes incredible! Such a professional! I dont think Ive seen her stumble once!
Id rather have on my side than a few whiney housewives
my idol hes the motivation
ViaTrump Id Be Better Meet the Press Host Than Moron Chuck Todd
Congratulations to the 7 properties who made Best Hotels List
. How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
Via by Why Donald Trump is Right
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
awesome show. I havent missed 1 show from season 1 till now Great!
Countrys been run by low I.Q. people for years. Why amaze us when they speak.
Apprentice big hit. Miss Universe Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash!
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins!
By the way you will NOT want to miss next week on Thats all were gonna say.
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the massive storm.
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
As usual, the storm of the century was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
Omarosa of this season, Kenya!!!
has caused me to like Brandi.
First time watching tonight. plays no games!
I guess this is the first family
Awesome! got $25k from and $40k from for Charity wins!
next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!! It will be best EVER!
i think Ms Fox outclasses both of them ,
wrong decision but I understand why you did it Not really!
dont get on nerves you just join the team kenya a troublemaker
- I love this show, been watching since it started years ago!
is like that bunny that keeps on ticking Just waiting for him to explode!!
!!!!!!! RT this show ROCKS!!!!
I want to be a business woman someday ! Love this show
Video-- to Jeb wont beat Hillary Clinton
Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show.
oh and my apologies! How wonderful of to give $25,000 to the CGuard. Amazing heart
Watching on
Kate Gosselin is low key good at these tasks
Hello Mr President! Im a big fan of your work mate and the show
All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching
thats the greatest smile EVER President Trump..
thanks for letting me use your sketch tonight on Youre Pencilcasso!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
IS so PLEASE dont fire him!
is trying to set up putting her in loser seats
this show ROCKS!!!!
One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind. Thanks
Overall this is the best dressed cast ever!
great job supporting Sig and those bartenders beautiful and classy!!
Trump recognized Kenyas effort thats good thank u!
I LOVE DONALD TRUMP....COAST GUARD -YES!!
Wonderful!!
Dear Mr. Please Fire Geraldos Ass! Sincerely, All Viewers I second this
Watching The Trump Family so classy and smart, great people
Nice of you to ask to help the Coast Guard.
Great to hear!
We couldnt agree more. Truly amazing!
so sweet asking to give the US Coast Guard money too!!
RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it? I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016
Im with , The new WTC is not grand. It shouldve been much, much more grand.
Screw the terrorists
What is worse, Geraldo screaming screw the terrorists or Kenya feeling shes fabulous?
. I am sorry but choked - he doesnt get a second chance Amen!
Sig , Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trumps St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman.
is my role model on everything.
Just when you think it cant get any better.. It does!!
Say what you want about but the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.
Geraldo has lost his mind. Fire him please!
drives me CRAZY !!!!!! Cant stand him please fire him ASAP!!!!
Geraldo and Sig are a disaster on this boat tour
Geraldo makes me laugh, I love him
Run Donald Trump run. Run for POTUS.
fellow conservatives. I would just tell Donald to run
Woooow! Was I wrong?? Was talking about Sig when he said vicious?
the hooters cruise is a bust literally
Paulina Vega, Miss Universo junto a Donald se ve decepcionado
If I was ever on then I would want to be on the team with
yes Rockettes, broadway, and those celebrities there have themselves as props HELLO?
Thats what I said too. Thats something everyone knows about NYC and its a huge celebration.
RT has done great, why not listen to him again! SMH!
Each celeb could pose for photos, they can become the theme
No one did a Broadway theme?! Waiters in top hats , tails, dancers, Kiss Me Kate cocktails...
brings great entertainment to
All new starts right now!
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
I just saw you talking with Trump for Prez! I know you can get these clowns in line. Youve got my vote
Donald you have to really try this time .We need youre skills
If this country is still existing with Obama in charge, then imagine if Trump was prez! It would be awesome.
was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. Youre absolutely right about Mitt , Jeb
I saw you in Des Moines and now I cant wait for celebrity apprentice to start.
I hope I dont miss due to news coverage of
rhetoric, he would have become our next president.
DonaldTrump Just imagine being sworn in Jan 17 , as you bring your right hand down point at Barack , say YOURE FIRED!
tonight
cant even imagine how great this place would be w you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA
YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump, you truly are the king of kings.
. Save our nation, Tell the GOP Leadership?! to shut up and go home...
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - dont miss it!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Why do people give contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win?
spent $400M in 2012 , didnt win a single race
$ave your $. Dont invest in He doesnt have a clue.
. highlights the opening of brand new course
. ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night!
Via on Politics Trump Talks Iowa
A huge honor for for being named Luxury Hotel in Canada by Awards
Via by Donald Trump I Can Make America Great Again Hyperlinked on
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
Dont miss the Pageant tonight at 87c with performances by and
Donald Trump Jeb Bushs Support of Common Core a Disaster via by Dr. Susan Berry
Via by Rich Schapiro Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush
Cant wait to see on the next Oh wait, he would have to be a celeb
outside of the apprentice, hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka
I bet ur great in bed True!
Word is that is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. Hes a real loser!
My speech at yesterdays Iowa Freedom Summit via
. and friends at
Via DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT OBAMACARE A FILTHY LIE, CAN BUILD A BEAUTY OF A BORDER FENCE
DonaldTrump you would have my vote! Its time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
Oh yeah, and another thing, we NEED you to run! Save America before its too late.
I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.
Trump Seriously Considering a Presidential Bid via Got my vote!
Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas, so far TRUMP is the easy winner... BY FAR in every way Wow!
would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers
Good work shooting -5 today in the event in Hawaii , sporting the hat.
Please dont wuss out of running for President
Im the one person who can make this country great again, nobody else can-
Do it PLEASE!
I wish you would , love to hear, you fired to them in Washington, D.C.
Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didnt know was on it! Love The Donald!
hopefully europe will finally have a winner its only been since 1990.
U NEED to run against RomneyBush. You know infinitely more about economics. But you must publicly criticize them
he is right neither Bush or Romney should run. We need someone who is not a wimp
The best phrase has ever said? We dont need another Bush Well said!
we sure could use someone who cares about America
Best speech given by FreedomSummit Sense. says JebMitt
Im so glad your show in will be extended 4 two hours.. I enjoy it !!!!! show
RUN DONALD,RUN!
filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you
Yes, My simple campaign slogan,which embodies your supporters feelings RUN DONALD,RUN! Please Run Mr. Trump!!!!
YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE, Please Mr.Trump, RUN!
RT So this happened at dinner tonight 8pm
was great - really laid out the problems and the solutionshe, were best
Via by In Iowa, Trump Promises to Surprise a Lot of People
Trump Seriously Considering a Presidential Bid via
Trump No way Bush, Romney would win in 2016 via by Barnini Chakraborty
Via by Trump touts business career, but not TV show during Iowa speech
Thanks to for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit , congrats to , on a great success!
Via by Donald Trump GOP nominee cant be Mitt, cant be Bush
Via by Trump I can make America great again
Via by Trump Blasts Romney, Bush, Says GOP Has Nobody Like Trump
Watch the 63rd Annual Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM!
With from in Iowa-
Via by Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit
Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender via by
mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B, Brady and Kraft!
that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on TV actually do that!
If Trump ran in 16 it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics
trump 2016 you have my vote
Wishing Trump was the Pres.
we sure could use someone who cares about America
Via by Trump I wouldve won the race against Obama
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic will be very sad.
Just leaving for in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor.
Just been informed by want to extend the run of the by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
The contestants review their amazing stay at
Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be
the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be and
I think the best are, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, Dominican Rep. Canada, Colombia
When I grow up I want to be just like Thanks.
no wonder you are smiling
Thanks for your tips on entrepreneurship,it encouraged me to open a new chess sports club at Uni!
The Land Investment Expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our Eighth Annual on Friday.
Donald Trump on hell be at tomorrow
the has kicked off! Well see you tomorrow! I look forward to it!
Going to go see at the tomorrow, last year it was Totally sold out, great.
Caught up on over the last two nights. Youve done it again! Awesome!
I love personality
Which National Costume do you think should win?
Which National Costume do you think should win?
Which National Costume do you think should win?
Which National Costume do you think should win?
With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson
Which National Costume do you think should win?
Entrepreneurs Everything starts with you. Realize that youre in charge. Whatever happens, youre responsible.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything youve got into what youre doing.
Entrepreneurs Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why arent they arresting a far bigger crook --
The new winter menu explores the evolution of fine dining -
Just watched Bill Belichicks news conference. He did a great jobsmart, concise, truthful!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T. S. Eliot
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers the tops style in menswear
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Congratulations to on delivering a strong conservative message in her response. Joni will be a great senator.
Via by Trump Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?
Via by Meet The Latina 2014 Candidates
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of here
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach
I look forward to attending , speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expototal sellout crowd
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- no more fighting!
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win, he will name as the chief trade negotiator.
Trump has SWAG
You have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!
When Trump is president do you think hell televise cabinet meetings , fire someone each week?
shouldve been you making that speech tonight I agree!
what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas? Beautiful and nice!
Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!
Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting Yes, call me!
SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over, its WAY too short this season, realize theres 2 episodes BUT want MORE
I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. President Trump....im ready for it!!!
... Your tweets are always epic!!
Please save us from this BS in DC, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!
agree with Mr. Trump for nominee to win in 2016. Cant be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.
Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.
Whats more intimidating, Mariano Riveras cutter, or getting fired by Donald Trump? Johnny Damon says its Trump.
Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions.
Trump Tower is not a building, it is an event! - Donald Trump
Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump Great.
With and from two great people!
Tonight on Im talking Tune-in!
Congratulations to and for receiving the Five Diamond Award again this year!
ICYMI, int. on discussing , contestant rivalries on
Tomorrow on the Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants-
Great list of spring travel ideas from our properties
Via by Donald Trump Giving serious thought to presidential run
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last nights great boardroom!
Another great tonight!
Its such a bitter sweet emotional time seeing on you for airing this!
Agreed! Romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat Hillary. We need Trump!
you were my inspiration to go for my B.S. in marketing
Love this man!!! Thanks.
Thank you for all of your kindness and support. My mother loved you all. LOVE!
Donald Trump To Mitt Romney Youre Fired via
Via by Aboard Donald Trumps 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention
TEA TALK Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump via by
inside look at Donald Trumps private jet by
Looking forward to the next episode..
I love He cracks me up.
Love comment about what said about LR. LMAO!!!
him and Sailor Jerry
Via Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016
love Leeza, shes amazing tonight
I am Loving on the show she is my favorite.
Trump at Tea Party via
great season. It gets better every week.
Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers
my daughter n I watching very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman, love the boardroom.
It is so unbelievably nice to see on the
and are my favorite people on TV. Thanks.
you are so genuine with Joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was.
It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen, truly miss her Thank you DonaldTrump. I love watching The Apprentice
- I do not understand how are they still in business. H , R Block is terrible!
awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more
What a true entrepreneur! Celebrity Apprentice creates great leaders, which offers successful tools along this journey!
you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!
Loved seeing Joan Rivers tonight! And is such a classy, amazing woman. You should be proud!
Everything touched turns to gold
great PM choices!
u r amazing, students and businesss learn so much through ur program its very inspiring as well as entertaining. Thank u!
I think Im getting addicted to power and his voice.
you have such amazing style and a strong role-model should be proud
My only Question to how do you handle all these Celebs? Crazy! My hats off to you!
Bittersweet to see the very missed , very talented on
I love watching the two episodes in one!
You have accomplished so much this young, you have a huge road ahead
I really, genuinely love A man of reason.
New episode starting now!
No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice
Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach via
You were awesome!
You did a good job Ivanka. Great show!
so nice to see One last look at Ms. Joan Rivers on
Awesome
Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers.
do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom? Not often!
Btw this is a firstI announced the project winner! how did I do? Great!
would not miss it for anything.
I am enjoying watching Joan Rivers on thanks for inviting her
my 10 yr old daughter watches over Disney Channel.
AIR FORCE TRUMP AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA via by
Rushed home to watch my FAVORITE show .....
you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! Thanks.
beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka
The theme song NEVER gets old.
Not feeling well today, but I must take the time 4 , Great Season!
tick tock its here, love this show
Who is watching with me?
Its going to be an emotional tonight with final TV appearance.
Cigars, scotch and The Apprentice. The best.
cant wait for tonights show.
Time for my weekly fix of
Always look forward to Monday nights!
Tune into at 8 PM EST on with the beautiful , smart
do not listen don you are great and should be presidant Thanks.
I cant wait!!!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 800. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 800. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
Via by names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention
Via by Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention
Slams Romney 2016 He Choked like a Dog Last Time ...
WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeWJOAN RIVERS!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! JOAN !
. in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 800. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on tomorrow morning at 700. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
awww looks like such fun! Im loving ya on !! Good job
Brady , make for solid golf partners at Trump National Golf Club.
Do you think that is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE
A glorious winter afternoon in
Via by Donald Trump praises as strong, vibrant in return
In Memory of via
I dont know what you do but your doing it right.
hey youd be the best president ever if you ran, right now youre hotter than ever!
You got tweeted by D Trump? Ur a legend..
Go Miss Philippines!!
Whether its the original or celebrity version,I love
Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention via
In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!
cant wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown.
75 degrees and perfect Beautiful work !!! Thanks.
Via Donald Trump Knows How To Tea Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH, S.C.
Monday night at 800 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
Thailand
This man is our everyting!!!
Miss Universe Top Contender this year? Y or N
Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul?
Top 6
please save us run got my vote
Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. Its the weekend
I forgot how much I love and Trump, so glad Im watching this season! All hail king
is only reality show thats interesting to me! Plus its for charity.
Whether its the original or celebrity version,I love
Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice!
please rate her Miss Indonesia, one of Fadils fave
I will never get a reply but is the real deal. is the best show on tv right now.
Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star! Thanks.
. head to the Palmetto State Dont miss it
Look at us acting all nice at the for apprenticenbc ! was quite the headline...
The BEST hotel in Chicago! Love this place!
no deberiAs mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas Miss Argentina
Via by 2014 Contestants
Interview Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down via
Via by Paige Austin Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes
Donald Trump Im Not Buying the via
Via Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday!
God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Mondays
Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes via
Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space by
Via by Eugene Dunn Trump the Nations Great Hope
I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump! Thanks.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT! Next Monday night at 800
Donald, you have such a huge heart, love everything Trump
I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts wo merit Mr.President!
its unbelievable lately poor Atlantic City True, very sad, but I left years ago.
Dont run for President! Youll win and I wont get to watch Celebrity Apprentice for four whole years!
Dont get me wrong, Mr. Trump is awesome, but where is he on our rights 1st, 2nd, 4th
Well, has a point. But Caesar never filed for bankruptcy either.
That is beautiful
run already dude!
Donald Trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!!
would love to play that golf course some day!! TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL
The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you! I agree, thanks.
Heading to Trump International in West Palm for a match with and Mike Goodes.
. unveils brand new Red Tiger course at
I say Donald Trump takeover the WhiteHouse now, Barack Obama is a fraud. DonaldTrump
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
WATCH contestants golf with Donald Trump via by
love u on The Apprentice
Trump National Doral Beatiful, amazing, , Gary Players pics in my room doesnt hurt!
for president! Only vote worth casting!
Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the
this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election, would love to see you on the ballot!
cant wait till apprentice !!!
Love when gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! Its a great motivator Thanks.
excited you will be in Myrtle Beach this weekend. See you there!
It would be really great to invite Ximena Navarrete as a surprise guest to next MUshow. We love her and we miss her!!
I hope or win. They are fun to watch.
My stunning friend Miss India hope she gets 3rd crown 4 India
You look amazing! Thank you.
cant wait for the new ferry point park course to open Will be great.
Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party dont split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 320PM!
Via Only The Donald
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
Sean, Ive been begging him, but will need someone with clout. Ask Donald Trump to run.
your awesome I hope you win brandi.
president donald j trump sounds great,but what do you think Mr trump?
2016
All class on by - good job TO! cc
Great progress at by architect Gil Hanse creating a masterpiece for
Via WATCH See How Trump Just Torched Obama, Biden, Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror March
The new Red Tiger course at Follow for more great photos.
ICYMI, int. w on firings,Trump Intl DC ,
A list golfing buddy! enjoys golf wDonald Trump ahead of via
Photo from last nights boardroom.
And the fired celebrities are... via by
Via by In Palm Beach, nothing trumps the Trump Invitational
Trump on Romney You Just Cant Give Him Another ChanceSome golfers cant sink the 3 ft. putt. via
Via by Trump Unveils Renovated Red Tiger Golf Course
wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.
Now you Have to run for
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Enjoying this season of Thank you for your intelligent, powerful, common sense approach
people are talking about you running for the prez.
Watching and I think is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice.
MISS UNIVERSE PRELIMINARY COMPETITION ON JANUARY 21
I know it makes for an exciting show on but I still wish more had integrity , patience
DonaldTrump Sir so enjoyed Appren tonight tears in eyes for Terrell Shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold
Sigs just layin in the cut, sizin em up, , lettin his pots soak! All bizz! GOOOO HAWKS!!
More fun dual tonight. T.O. was in tough spot. Perhaps this.. -
was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $300,000.00
was incredible tonight on !
dont know whats more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged by and Jr
Why do we have to see with out his shirt? please stop this from happening.
please please please run for president!!!
your my on
My husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say youre fired
for president, I cant wait for next Monday to watch
what an awesome night!
Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
who do you think won?
What do you think of the new teamsPMs?
stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
who who who ... Say it just say it Watch and see what happens!
Time for the first firing of the night.
or
Selfies- yes or no?
what do you think of the choices for project manager?
We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Lets go!
I will be live tweetingno spoilers during tonights all new at 8PM ET.
Whats Geraldo
My int.on Have No Leadership Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally
Lights... Camera....Youre Fired! All new tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
My int. w , f on why Romney shouldnt be nominee
Via by Trump looking very seriously at 2016 run
if you decide to run, I volunteer to run your Southwest VA campaign
Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!
Monday mornings are twice as hard when I dont have AND Donald to listen to. Thanks for taking away my FOX!
heading to to watch the all the way from Australia !!! cant wait
is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama, so good raising $$ for charity
Heres an idea Why dont DonaldTrump and run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other? No thanks!
Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne, Australia! Its Boardroom time!! Love this show!!
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
ego is outta control! I believe hes trying to upstage Trump, but that will never happen.
RT please fire soon! ...
Cant wait to hear you on on this morning.
I do like Thank you.
is just awful... too British - I prefer with
Anxious for another 2 hrs. of tonight.
Tonight at 800 is a really big one for a double episode of Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you wont believe what happens!
I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. Its only on once a week! Sorry!
TRUMP 2016 !!!
Remember, at 700 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 800 P.M. Enjoy!
You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3
run for president please
Im on board for a presidency! The man knows what hes talking about!
Will be on tomorrow morning at 700.
No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ...
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night Monday at 800. Some incredible things happen!
you know how to lead! Thats what the people need!!
make $ while others sleep!
A great man. Thanks.
DonaldTrump great job on Letterman last night! Great points on healthcare and our national debt! Thank you for bringing that up
Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?
what the celebrity apprentice , as a Cowboy fan, Im rooting for u!!!
me too, Donald Trump for President!
WIth us you are No.1
I have been hearing Mitt Romney might run. He doesnt know nothing. You do. He had his chance and he blew it!
The French police are afraid to go into many communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
should be president!!!
Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of
Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self , family when life is directly threatened?
is my favorite reality show right now SO
U R spot-on, however, Fools reject and even rage at truths. King Solomon.
Via by on
Via by Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention
to Donald Trump Fire via by
Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for via by
Via Donald Trump 2016 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Entrepreneurs Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what youre doing. Give your work 100 of your concentrated effort.
Watch my appearance on from last night-
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right. -- Henry Ford
So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show.
Hello Mr. Trump. I am very proud of you for saying what you said about Guns in Paris. I hope you become President.
I just dont want to run for president because that would mean no more Donald Trumps Letterman
We need to save the day! Were not worryin at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!
You should totally run for president. I dont think Hillary has what it takes.
I really hope is running for president.
would make everything better if he ran for president lol I agree.
Would you approve of Martin Scorsese or Francis Ford Coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? Would be fascinating!
we need you to save our country!
on letterman..
The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman
is a BAD A$$, I could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life.
Why isnt president yet is your year
should be president of the united states
hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on Letterman!
you really need to run for president. Our country needs a leader like you!
Awesome Job on Letterman, great interview!
run for president so that Hillary dont win. Please?
I swear is my ideal. I just wanna be successful
. should definitely run for president in 2016! What a true American
Love that is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the
tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald He Should be
Man I love you!
saw u on Letterman, always a treat!
I love you I love yours books resgards from Venezuela!!!!
keepng t real on Davd Letterman
best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY!
You ROCK and I u!
my new favorite show Great. My mom,I watch together!
Great job on Letterman. Youre absolutely correct about healthcare its horrible , not working.
Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people.....
Great interview on Yes, we r going to miss him!
Say what you will about the man is not only a business , political expert, but he truly loves his country!
tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald
both of you are role models
watching Im thinking for president please run Ill vote
Watched on The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics, we need more of that in this country!
watching you now. Great tv
Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she
views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on is spot on.
best show of alllllll time. ABSOLUTELY! Wish it was on more!
tellen it like it is such a Genius!!!!
best show of alllllll time.
You ROCK and I u!
great show this season
my personal hero
my new favorite show Great.
Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! BUT THEY DONT
just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU
just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!! Thanks.
2016 better be the year, first year Ill be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office.
. Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
Its record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
love the Absolutely 100 gold!
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
Via by Donald Trump Frances Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack
Fact the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun. -
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious Friend of Israel award at the Gala Dinner
To be completed this year,Trump Intl Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7,205-yard, par 71 , double-sided driving range
Via by Moshe Cohen Donald Trump French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed
I will be on tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time.
With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago.
You have enemies? Good. That means youve stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Via by Trump contestants the meanest by far
Watch episode 2 online again via Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump
Photo , show Golf Course
Its record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
Finally a real American running America!!
I always said Id never vote but if runs for president than hes got mine
Id love to see run in 2016
A real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep.
I want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around
Besides U, I think would be a great choice as the 1st woman President. Very business savy like her dad
we need you in that office!! !!
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country. Exactly right!
cant wait for my first presidential vote to be for you!
We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American, one with the same values that built this country.. GO TRUMP 2016 !
Trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president, I hope
I agree! What America needs right now isnt a politician, but a businessman who can run America effectively.
We need you in the white house, Donald. Somebodys gotta get this country back on track!
or bust
why arent you running for president? Im not even a republican but Id still vote for you
LOL RT The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
Looks like youre going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.
Thats why someone not in politics needs to run for president. I think you know a guy.
motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot
I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope youre on the ballot
you need to show them how its done, run for office
we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man!
youll be the best president for USA
GET THIS LUNATIC OUT OF OFFICE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
Ill vote Donald
The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!
Please Please give STRONG AND SERIOUS consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. U have my vote
right on man. Run for president , fix it.
run for president.
Please run for President.
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country.
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the satirical pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
cop was unarmed watch the news
He is correct. France has harsh gun laws. Terrorists were carrying AK47.
I would like to thank for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year and maybe all time.
Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event via by
Via by Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Isnt it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
The Trumps pay tribute to the late via
Via Attends A Private Screening Donald Trump DONATES $25K To Kamp Kizzy
Via by Exclusive Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.
kevin jonas was the man on I would love to see him come back on! He will.
they hate you cuz they aint you
Watching Season 8 of w Joan on YouTube and Im hooked! Glad I found out about this show!
I love how easily sees through the bull, every-single-time.
is great, gosh darn we need him as president, what a hero Thank you.
A shame that got fired from the Would like to see him come back! HE WILL!
if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet
YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU? Thanks.
is cool. I like him. Vote for him please. Thanks.
I swear Ill work for one day, watch out.
ru going to run ?????? Watch!
That first episode of was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
my mother was right, you are amazing Thanks.
If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump
Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old
that is genius.
No one outsmarts the boss!
Ive been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.
I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina...
Via Donald Trump Dont Mess Up Name. Ive Seen Him Go Crazy At People
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors , pay rising premiums.
Via by Moon cycle cant defeat on
Via by recap Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump
Looking forward to next weeks unveiling of the Red Tiger An 18 hole masterpiece wtwo island greens
Congrats to on todays inauguration and having done a great job!
Thanks to our loyal viewers , fans, last nights topped all the demos , grew 24 in our regular slot premiere.
. I agree!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowdsold out venue.
Learn more about and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC-
. was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
youre awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! Probably many!!!!
How come is screwing by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?
U trick Obama into appearing on by telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favor, FIRE HIM!
omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!!
I give Shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!
How about a season where Ivanka , Don Jr. lead teams? Id love to see that.
721 Fifth Avenue One of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built, the original Trump Tower
thats a great book .. The art of the deal.
great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time
first 3 episodes great! Looking forward to rest of season.
Enjoyed tonight! Awesome as always Mr.
great 2 shows tonight. Cant wait till next week.
maybe Kate needs to go, but Kenya doesnt. The boardroom is where Kenya shines.
great show better than the wwe lol
geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! Strong competitor , makes for a good show
Im loving as Project Manager!
A great night of watching . Thank you mr
she truly is , well spoken , gracious.
Donald its time to boot Kate
Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!
he should have fired Vivicia right away - shes trash
it definitely is in this household Great job sir.
omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!!
Join the lean scene with You, exercise and a heathy trio... Agreed 100 wtwo U fired tonight
is the male version of from 7 years ago!
Im so glad Shawn stood up for herself!!!
is so intimidating! I would never wanna be on his bad side!! Hes still basically a king tho
way to go Shawn Johnson!
Can Just Fire Kate Gosselin Just Because?
Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho, VERY trashy.
no, gilbert wasnt good. he cant be focused on the product, more interested in a laugh
I like the Bachelor but is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015
The women rule tonight on - lets hope they dont kill each other before next week!
way to go Shawn Johnson!
please fire shes rude and classless
youre awesome in that boardroom. Great back to back episodes tonight!
I love the way you dont take any crap from cant wait to hear you say Kate, youre fired!
DonaldTrump its has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs
Was Gilbert good? Cough cough cough
Well damn got straight to the point didnt ya?
Currently stirs the pot lmao
is my hero! Have never had so much fun watching
Apprentice is so good this season. Id like to thank for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing
I like Trump Tower
Love dress!
This Show Is GOLD!!!!
I dont like why is she even on I wish could answer this for me.
loveee
making it happen
He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other, which I find funny
How does everyone not like watching show
this season of the is off to a great start!
love the show
Celebrity Apprentice is back! I love Who is going to be the of the season?
Im way to addicted to watching Celebrity Apprentice
Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa
is acting like a spoiled little brat.
I cant decide if Geraldos ego is a gimmick, a plant by Trump, or if its for real.
well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin, I feel for you !
Great episode of celebrity apprentice!
the boardroom is jaw dropping
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
Brandi should win! I hope Kate and Geraldo get kicked off soon...
Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasnt project manager.
GUYS SHOULD HAVE WON I dont disagree but executives picked!
boardroom is going to get ugly!!!
What a baby. Hes having a temper tantrum because he isnt getting his own way.
Geraldo is being a high maintenance diva!
Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?
thnx u for ur support
Kates Brain The Lights Are On And No Ones Home!
. Holy shit! Amazing!
Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!
Genius idea having Geraldo on this season. Perfection.
Geraldo is a princess. Please get over yourself
is perfect for the commercial awesome!
Geraldo needs to shut tf up
Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! Hes driving me insane
youre the best! Cant imagine where you find the time! Thank you.
is starting now dont miss and the hidden gem whos already underestimated the amazing
Watching the Celebrity Apprentice
Mr.Trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to
I only watch cause Brandi is amazing I love her.
I am so excited to view this new season!
is back on I love this show hats off to for putting together a true masterpiece Thank you.
stay on top of Shes got to go
intro always gives me life!
why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!! You are right.
Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!
YES!!!!!!!!
Watching its on I am rooting for and my 15 year old is rooting
Glad to see George again on
Best show on Television Celebrity Apprentice
Watching tonights New episode! feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest
Watching Celebrity Apprentice. Great stuff so far .
Homie is on Celebrity Apprenteince with
Kate Gosselin is fearless. Waych out !
Who is watching with me tonight?
getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!
this is going to be a great season! Great cast!
what a cool cast this time
is Kate her own charity? Last I checked she doesnt have a job... or raise money.
I really wish Kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!
I will be live tweeting!
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
Via among 2015 judges
Looking forward to speaking at , Iowas Freedom Summit on January 24th
RT TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 , 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach
calls the show evil and that is FUN??
The ONLY reason Im watching network tv tonight is
LOVE Brandi is on your show!
Mr. Trump its going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!
Im glad u have a no BS person on there.Hope she stays!
TONIGHT Celebrity Apprentice 87c Ep. 2 , 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition
Remember, tonight Monday, the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 800 , 900. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
You can watch all the highlights of last nights record 14th season premiere of
Via TV Highlights
Via by Very Warm During Appearance on
. at this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity.
Wow, great ratings for Dont forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on
We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Dont forget, episodes 2 and 3 of are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on
. was awesome yesterday. Cant wait to see a new episode tonight! we are here
your the man, Don. All the best,...
I will be on at 700 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
Its time!!
is baaaaaack!
great show tonight! Cant wait till tomorrow night!!
the first show of was amazing. Cant wait to see next weeks episode.
Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!
Yes! on now, been waiting for months!
I really love
My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n But thats alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.
Best cast ever!! Love and so glad wasnt fired!
No comment, you can see every pore in todays TV screens. U look mavelous
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow MONDAY nights TWO shows starting at 800 P.M. They are both great.
is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night?
prove that you actually control this account, and I will tell everyone I know about the show
First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show, will tune in tomorrow night.
cant wait for tomorrows episodes!
I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.
I am rooting for but if I was on the I would call my friend to help
So glad is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!
Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldos poster
DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but whats important is R they material Cant wait 2 C them in action
Why is so amazing? Love watching
Really enjoyed tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night!
I dont watch a lot of T.V but couldnt wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!
I know you went back and forth w Cuban - Im convinced is the best show on tv!
PLS NOT OR JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE
Kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no dough she worked very hard!
You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt,3 You!!
HATE ! But I have to watch this season of because it has such an awesome cast. !
is the one to beat on
you go. Love your spirit. F the haters
does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?
Gotta say I have winning it all social media, strategy, and seems to know how to spin things.
Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya , Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.
I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come
I wonder how it would be growing up with as a father
I loved it.
so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight
is as real as they come. Love her
Nothing like hearing say YOURE FIRED twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 87 CST!
AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 800 and 900 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K
just turned me into a fan. Love the new season!!
Youre Fired! Its music to my ears when it comes from mouth! Why a commercial?!?
First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and Im really enjoying it!
the music always gives it such a dramatic effect
Love asking for the truth! He knows hell get it!
Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week!
Who will fire?!? Will there be a in the boardroom?!?
I hope its Kate, I dont want to look at her again, on this show or any other.... Sorry
Brandi for the win!!
Theres nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!!
is my idol... Thanks.
. I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.
and killed it!
I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!!
best part of the show
has built up a great show
it will not be pretty Keisha YOUR FIRED
tells the guys, go back to and watch if you want to, it wont be pretty.
The iconic Youre fired is coming cant wait.
wonder who gets FIRED hmmm
Its about to go down! Buckle up!
Cant wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off!
it is interesting so far
I follow in hopes hell drop some knowledge thatll make me as rich as him
Very intense!!
I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now.
great cast! Girls are going to win!
Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom
intense but I would expect nothing less
I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect.
, back on my TV! Im a happy gal
loving it....glad youre back. But were wondering who is this seasons
just goes for the throat
great boardroom so far. Love the tension
Kevin Jonas is a very strong player, surprised.
How do you like the boardroom so far?
Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!
KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
agree!!!
Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!
So glad is back! are my favs. Go team vortex!
Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Wont be there long. Needs to go.
I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! hes the best
I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!
Any Real Housewife
The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie!
all the athletes are doing great!
and are the best things about this season of Can we keep them around until the end
I admire how is holding himself in the boardroom
is on thats it, you have a winner... all the way
love the show!
is going to go far because hes a media circus. will come close to winning, but Shawn can also.
Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.
like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!!
yay watching my very favorite show, Celebrity Apprentice and LOVING it!!
go home please! plez help! Love the show but, shes trying to be
Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all!
Leeza!!!
The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins!
Watching is the man...
Brandi for the win
NOT She does nothing but run her mouth!
Too early first episode. season needs to play out. Then Ill let u know.
You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen Go Kate Go!
Im loving this Celebrity Apprentice season! The Donald is the best!
Who do you like - hate so far?
SO HAPPY is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!
This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to
please fire Kenya first. Really?
Watching for the first time ever. Love it so far!
Im so happy that is back!
Yay! Im so excited for celebrity apprentice
So, who should win, who is your favorite?
Im rooting for and DonaldTrump
Well, not that it matters, I think Geraldo is a sanctimonious ass.
has an all star cast of celebrities this season of This should be interesting. True.
i love donald trump!!!! Thanks
Nobody wants to be the first one fired. Isnt that the truth, VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.
I kinda hope sticks around for a while just for moments like that
Love and This is gonna be another awesome season.
so excited! Best show on television.
Watching s show to see
Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.
My Sundays will now be spent with again! So excited is back!
I am SOO super excited to watch and DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.
Here we go! starts NOW on Lets do this!
Its still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
In Ten minutes on s Apprentice begins his season long domination! you watchin?
Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?!
looking forward to this
rooting for
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of on NBC.
returns tonight at 98c on NBC-
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
I cant wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC 900 pm tonight.
12 hours , counting down to watch
I cant wait to watch this season of I cant wait to watch dominate!
Yeah! Bring ondown the gauntlet
Hello Mr. Trump. I LOVE and can NOT wait till it airs. and , 2 other faves!
Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.
cant wait to watch tonight!!!
Ive been waiting for this day for way too long! starts tonight! Cant wait! Enjoy!
Thank you for reminding me watch set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill.
So excited for cant wait to see what have in store for us this season!
Me too!!!! all the way!!! is a wonderful charity!!
Tune in for some late night viewing of on celebrity apprentice USA tonight
To my biz-minded tweeps from see you 2nite for
we need to get you all on the with the
I LOVE THIS SHOW
I thought it would never start again...
Brandi G. goes first hopefully
So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night? YES.
Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Lets go
So excited. You got this Brandi!
Actually Milo, Mr Trump felt Kate has a good shot at winning. DonaldTrump was very complimentary about Kate.
to the finish line!!
- will be following ur comments!
How many times does TO cry?
Im sure the show will be great, but you need to get on the campaign trail Watch!
I just watched the tease on you tube. Terrell,Johnny and Kate wont be there for long. We will see...
cannot wait!!!
cant wait love this show, helps me realize so many things!
Looking forward to your show and especially seeing Joan Rivers. She did a great job!
You in danger, girl!
look at alum making you proud with Great.
Can,t wait!
please let it be and first. But u probably like that negativity
By popular demand I will be tweeting tomorrows premiere of . on . 98c
will be too? Yes.
adding Housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv
good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1
Im excited for this season, cant wait to watch
would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss
Needs to run for president
Looking forward to season 14 of
Is the fucking man !
its about time!!!!
Watch tomorrow at 9pm ET on because said so!
Im ready for the show tomorrow night.
Who will hear those two famous words? premieres tomorrow at 98c on NBC.
Its almost here, finally!!!! The new Celebrity premiers tomorrow on
I know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? My GIRL
already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday.
Im so rooting for you on Celebrity Apprentice Go girl!TYSM
Too excited to seeing my two favourite people on TV together on one show, thats and
Via by Show-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday
Via Floridas Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year Mar-a-Lagos 3rd ann. Trump Grand Prix!
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrows record 14th season premiere of on at 98c
My int. by w discussing the Sunday premiere of 14th season
our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last years.
Will you run? Will you run for President? Mr Trump, your Nation needs you! Stay tuned, thanks!
will be watching with my entire family. We are so happy youre back on TV, Mr Trump! Huge fans here!
My only New Years resolution Be more like Nice, thanks!
The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent, real advice. Definitely worth a read.
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night 9 to 11 on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Cant wait! Enjoy!
What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business. TRUMP, THE ART OF THE DEAL!
Louis Z never ever quit. Neither does Donald T.
genius Tweet.
You are a good Christian! You are right! Also, you should be Presedent! The sooner the better!
trump kicked Rosies ass, he kicked penn states ass, he would totally kick the democrats ass!!!
I just saw the movie Unbroken -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!
I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 900 then Mon. at 8
. season premiere this Sunday at 98c on
Too strong? Point out a time in Americas history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!
and sounds like a dream team
if youre as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder youre loaded.
Gets my vote for President. Hes my hero! When I grow up I want to be like him.
Happy new year my president Thank you.
is a great leader and definitely someone I look up to. Great role model Thanks.
Hell yes! Its gonna be fun.
Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi
Your a Genius sir
Headed to Trump Central Park for my wifes birthday!! Cant wait!! Have fun!
You would be a damn sight better than Jeb ! or Billary !
look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in
I love the cast this season.
we need for president
cant wait for series4 to air on BBC One Sunday night
is SO AWESOME!! Man of natl unmatched merit, every1 needs TRUMP! A leader can rule- ELECT EXCELENT PREZ!!
This season is going to be great! Cant wait!
Yes, a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s, who knew.
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESEDENT OVER ALL OF AMERCIA!!!!!!!!
my secret addiction! Now only if you would do a regular people edition.
I just hope both last well half way into season wlots of drama!
Oh please please please let run for president. That would make my year.
DonaldTrump Even though I feel his personality is to strong for President, I agree it would be an entertaining campaign
My money is on Kenya getting fired first.
So excited for Sunday and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You will love it, WILD!
. with a solid cameo in Thanks, it was great fun-who knew it would be so big
So excited for this season. It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.
Icahn,Kravis,Buffet , many other top business menve taken advantage of corporate bankruptcy law,yet people only point out Trump.
I definitely think Kenya is smarter than Brandi, but Kenya doesnt play well w others.
please run for president you got my vote
Trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy So true, thank you!
If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable -
DonaldTrump At one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. You never flinched. You have to respect that. Thank you
If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable -
Hope you finally run for President. That should be your new years resolution. Good thought!
hey be president
Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!
please run for president this country needs you!
for president please!
I believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! MR. Trump for president! Thanks Dan!
So excited for a New Year , new Celeb Apprentice! Cant wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!
happy new year sir cant wait for
Do u ever sleep? Not much!
Youre only a year away from ...pick a running mate. Happy New Year
,, for President of the United States! Vice President ,A
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
for president
DonaldTrump, its a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. You could be a great leader for our nation. Keep it up Trump!
i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around I do, big league!
so excited for thank you for creating such an amazing show Enjoy it, thanks
One of the best things I bought in 2014 ties
He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Dont let us hit the iceberg!
He STANDS UP for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it.
First time in theTrump International Hotel and Tower and its absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality
Thanks Donald. Now run for president! Fulfill your purpose! To much is given, much is required
Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest, You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!
incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Clubhappy New Year
Negotiation tip The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - So true!
announce your presidential campaign tonight. WE NEED A LEADER!
Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
If you run for President I, a democrat will vote for you. Watched Merideth Show on 1222
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember, WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
I see you
In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
Run Donald, Run!
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Wheres the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress!
This Sunday at 98C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of Game on in the Boardroom...
Mr. Trump, will you consider running for President? The country needs you.
Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!
Johnny Damon talks and working for
RT Youre never a loser until you quit trying, - Mike Ditka
Am sooo glad that Joan R will still be on CA, as Im sure all of her fans are. Thank you for honoring her this way.
Tours of Lewis and Harris with Hebridean Excursions Great places!
You are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us , you forgive the haters , loosers!
. Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
Whats BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision, interpid leadership , PLAIN COMMON SENSE of for PRESIDENT!
yeah Donald cant wait to see apprentice been too long
What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil! She gets a solid 10!
Mr Trump, we need your kind of art. The world needs more of your Poetry of Profit. A TRUE artist!
Welcome to and good luck on Wednesday! cc well well..
If you cant see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Via by Donald Trump To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?
Donald Trump on Brutal New Season of via
Via Trumps grand plans for resort get the green light
Via to open restaurant in Trump Intl Washington, D.C.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make.
If youre going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. Thats how I get my kicks.
I enjoyed your book Think like a Billionaire for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps
You got to love ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!
Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.
great job on we need you or we will be stuck with another
inspiring words on this morning great job as always
Just watched you on while putting on a tie getting ready for work
in two minutes.
Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice? Pete Rose , let him in Hall!
Wearing the signature collection today
Please RT? Very sick 8 year old British girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment.
No once respect is lost, its gone forever, always suspicion in any relationship
Looking forward to his thoughts
Nice lil cliff hanger youve created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.
please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair!
im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american
My bday just been so perfect so far only way it will be better if my inspiration wishes me happy bday
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed? Tune in to at 715.
Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American ,the value of great capitalism
DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise
Youll definitely carry the South. Go for it!
Ill be watching Mr Trump.
Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !
Ronald Reagan was an actor, , look at what a great job he did.
I will be on tomorrow morning at 715 Hope you enjoy and agree!
Love that show. Hope Im out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.Get well!
The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if runs for president
The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if runs for president Thanks.
Trump 2016
Trump is the in is and Need to
Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8.. I watch every year!!
for president 2016
I would like to see in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard,
. on I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling, laughing tirade - cry-laugh.
Looking forward 2it - ONE week from 2nite Look 4ward 2 tribute to!
Good thing I tuned into this SteelersBengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donalds starts next Sunday!
I made birdie on last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end!
Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam.
2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward
If youre going to be thinking, you may as well think big. Donald Trump
Its tangible, its solid, its beautiful. Its artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
s Trump The Art of the Deal
You are so wise!! I cant wait until youre president!!
and and are my favorite billionaires and heroes.
Trump Tower, gorgeous! Just like The Donald Thank you!
You would make a great GOP President Mr Trump!
Merry Christmas Mr But this country cant have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse as our President
I refuse to vote in 2016 unless is running , if hes not Im getting a one way ticket outta here
Time for a great President You are needed urgently
Trump for president ! Trump for America !
is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!
Any chance of working w again soon... Always, Vince is a great guy and a winner!
Merry Christmas, would one like to give the gift of mentoring? Im building my empire , you certainly know how to build them
is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if is PREZ!
If i tweet anything in 2015, it should be for President if the World wants to see another 20 years.
...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !
you cant lose in 2015 or 2016. Merry Christmas.
The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are a presidential campaign and a BOFA!
Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States! Well, America would be great again. Thanks.
Card was the best
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man
love that you say not just Happy Holidays!
was in Home Alone 2
Not to mention we already had two Bush presidents, neither of which were too successful. Insanity would be to want a third.
Please run for President would be a better choice than Seeing tomorrow&gt,was great on
Just Do It!
Merry CHRISTMAS! Cant wait 4 Celebrity Apprenctice my favorite show on TV, need more than 1 a year! I will EP it for you!
Trump for president 2016
A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you , family! !
hope you are part of that leadership! Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Merry Christmas! Hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day. Thank you.
Merry Christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
have a great Christmas youre a true inspiration. Thanks!
Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! Cute, same!
you should run for president!
I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION
All I want for Christmas is to run for president!
has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!
Well then, run and Ill vote for you. Merry Christmas!
Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President
Always admired you. You are the man wholl fight for the American Dream!
Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches, exotic people, what a vibe!
Merry Christmas! Im raising funds for St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital
I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president, ever since I read The Art of The Deal
Get it done Donald!
plz run for president.
No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! Its got to be Time for
Im waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.
Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire! Thanks!
i keep saying you should run for President!
if u ran for president I would vote for you!
I would work ur campaign and u wouldnt even have to pay me, Happy Holidays!
Im not calling out or anything but how about you run for president?! Watch!
full support
Im 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President, I would vote for you. THANK YOU!
Via by Alana Marie Burke Donald Trump 2016 7 Key Political Positions
Latin Americas tallest building is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury
My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016
My birthdays Jan. 3 , returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ,
If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain
What had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.
Wishing you Happy Holidays. Cant wait for the to start in January.
is the Man! He gets things DONE! America is LOST , DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!
I believe in 2016
Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.
Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones,God Bless Thank you!
Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show, always top level television
loser newspaper , loser comedian!
Still one of my all time favorite cameos. Down the hall and to the left
liberal rag is done
absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. Im a humongous admirer of you and your family. Cant wait to see the next season
..who the F is Bill Maher? Nobody really!
Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.
I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.
DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSHS IN WH OR WE R DONE
We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated , gone!
Doesnt get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!
Wise words spoken by Donald Trump Sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war.
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing-Donald Trump Lean from the best!
Never realized that was in Home Alone 2 the man does everything
Always caught off guard when makes the appearance in Home Alone 2
RT Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs Absorb, assess, and then act. Dont negate your own power. Whatever youve been dealt, know you can deal with it.
Entrepreneurs Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?
I cant wait for to begin! Should be interesting...
So excited to have performing at the 2015 at
Congrats for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYCs hottest neighborhood using 20 offer
Entrepreneurs Whatever happens, youre responsible. If it doesnt happen, youre responsible.
Entrepreneurs Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. Youre in charge. Everything starts with you.
You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
Yes please run for president!
DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him, the man gets it. very important for modern leaders IMO.
please run for president!
on point as always
Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! ...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..
Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you on El Presidente, Holder, Sharpton have set race back 30 years
On in two minutes!
6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CANT absorb data fast
I really admire Thank you!
17th hole at Trump L.A. Beautiful track.
I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!
Will be interviewed on tomorrow morning - Monday - at 800. Much to talk about!
Cant wait RT Its the nastiest Ive ever seen. on this season of
You are the only man to save America!
i agree Mr.Trump should run for President,has brains and integrity,please get this country back on track.
CAN NOT WAIT!!!!! fav is !!!!!
I like when someone who does not need money is getting into polItics.
Mr. Trump, today is my birthday. My wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction
This country needs to run for president
you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean, you need no ones money.
Run Donald - RUN!
FORGET THE REST , NO ONE IS UP TO SPEED ON THIS RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT YOU. SO TAKE IT FROM THE BABYS !!!
YOU CAN WALK AWAY WITH THIS JOB GO GO
so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. Been a big fan since like 4th grade Great!
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 Are Or
thanks for the good word
We need you badly to run for President. You are a Patriot and we desperately need one. Run!!!!!!!!!!
You sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. We need a proven businessman who is a born leader!
this will be our year to shine.
Richly deserved forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.
please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again
quite agree. Need to see Mr Trump more in public life
Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel.
I hope runs in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!
I really hope runs for president.He would definitely have my vote! Patriotism at its finest!!
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
Via by Why Trump Should Run
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bushs Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of -
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice , expecting a different result.
If only Obama would treat with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange , dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. Hell give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
My interview discussing why we do not need another Bush
Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than its ever been before! God bless you! Thanks.
One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you arent afraid to speak your mind. True!
My illustration as seen in audience of the show! Great job!
Not so smart after all ... Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Should have settled ... Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Pigs get slaughtered ... again. Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Another clip from my interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers No Courage!
My appearance re Sony, Atlantic City, , 2016 Always love going on Wendys show!
The movie may be garbage but we cant let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
Im looking forward to staying tonight! I have heard wonderful things. Great--enjoy!
Must read article by Jeb Bush and the Outsiders
Via Donald Trump starts 250million overhaul on golf resort
Great interview with on discussing the real estate economy , 2016
My Power Players interview with Inside Donald Trumps new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue
Premiering Jan. 4th, the record 14th seasons cast is the nastiest yet Major Boardroom fireworks!
to Host 63rd Annual via by
Must watch interview on discussing
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by re Sony , Bush
It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple.
Ill be co-hosting tonight. Be sure to tune in!
We fully support in Turnberry--great for beauty , tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.
Congratulations for making
We need in office. Guide this country back to its roots!!
thats why we need and want you to run for president
This sentiment of just give in easily wouldnt exist if we had a Trump presidency in place. Run Mr Trump... We need you!
Sounds gr8 MT Jose Andres to run the primary restaurant at s Old Post Office hotel.
Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise, what You Enjoy doing right now, wont exist!
America cannot survive another Bush!
RT THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton.
Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?
you told America what needs to happen with china, trade, jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016!
Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!!
A sad day for freedom of speech-
Via by Donald Trump Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush
After destroying the Middle East , our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
In Charlottesville, VA, is Virginias largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties
Via by , Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the Last Thing We Need
Via by to open golf academy at Donald Trumps
. by Trump lands for Old Post Office flagship restaurant
My int, with on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc.
Story written by a reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail!
I cant believe the great got canned by He was a fantastic reporter , really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Tweet me your New Years resolution to make America great again!
Via by Donald Trump hints at presidential run, promises great luxury hotel for D.C.
Via Donald Trumps plan gets go-ahead
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching Then he plays golf, fundraises , grants amnesty to illegals.
Obama attacks the CIA for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Via by President Trump? Says theres a very substantial chance hell run in 2016
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
Donald Trump on Jeb Bush The last thing we need is another Bush via by
C-SPANConversation with Donald TrumpEconomic Club of Washington, DC
See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction. Trump Never Give Up
With Miamis top vacation package is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015.
Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball! via
Donald Trump running for YES please!
FOR PRESIDENT.
America needs
We have added MacLeod House in Aberdeen to our best restaurants in Scotland page at
for president
GOVERNMENT SHOULD SPEND THAT ON FIGHTING ISIS. RUN FOR PRESIDENT, DONALD. YOU CAN DO IT.
For president
DO YOUR FELLOW PATRIOTS PROUD AND RUN RUN!
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending commercial. How much is govt. spending?
Incredible interview I hope was watching. cc
Via by Luxury penthouse at skyscraper sells for record $17M
Revenge is sweet and not fattening. - Alfred Hitchcock
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
The lights went out at the White House today Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
Via Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015
Via by Donald Trump Goes to Washington
Looking forward to tonights conversation w David Rubenstein Airing live on at 7PM EST
. named Christmas Day Brunch one of the best in the city!
Youre a legend!! Wow!
Country needs to rise , be great again! So we need great men , leaders at the top!! True!
America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and youre the man to do it.
I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president, is this true? Stay tuned!
TRUMP 2016
Amercia really needs a man like And why settle for LIKE him? USA needs TRUMP! Thanks!
I want to live in a U.S. where you are President Thank you!
Mr Trump you could return Americas business respectability , viability with the world! EASY!
didnt don imus make that same mistake Yes!
One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!Hes on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton , Amy Pascal.
glad youre a part of foxandfriends!
Listening to you now. you are great.
great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on
Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her! True, she is a fool!
A much needed TrumpWest ticket. Opposite of our president, 2 straight talkers who understand the enemyworld
She should be terminated for being stupid. Best quote of the day from THE
you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan
outstanding insight on Fox this morning
I will be on at 700 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
Al Sharpton loves Trump because he knows I get him, others dont! Check out picture.
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong , abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!
I think you should be Barbara Walters most fascinating person of 2014 I agree but have already been twice!
The new starts January 4th ... Please dont make us wait that long again.
in sunny with LARGE Trump sign outside window.
bought my favorite building. New hotel coming in 2016 to Old Post Office...
That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the I agree!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
I want to see ! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife is amazing too!
America could sure use you in 2016, sir! Yes please!!
hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!
Anyone else like to see Trump in office? Hes an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!
People with bachelors degrees cant find jobs in And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants.
The on the
Id have to say that has one of the best accounts on Twitter
never thought Id say this but Mr Trump ur right!
You are awesome, sir! Thank you for gifting our marine!
I dont want a party as My President, I want a decisive,confident Leader. will fire China. Give US a spark
Thank you!
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
is so Right about everything for SURE! Not olny is he smart he has BUSINESS EXPERENCE that makes good
when will you anounce your running for Presedent? Thousands-- MILLLIONS-- have baited breath we NEED you!
. RT Tiger Woods -- Im Working for Donald Trump!
weve had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism, bad economy etc...
he was th Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama , people blamed him? Well, he was right!
Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines dont have that problem.- Ronald Reagan
is so right with everything he is saying run... Please run for president
Isnt it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns
Donald, I am in love and admire you! Run for president in 2016 and all will be well!
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
Trump for PRESIDENT !!!!
Congrats on ! DonaldTrump must be proud ! Way to go you are a winner!
I AM GOING TO VOTE FOR IN 2016 BECAUSE WE NEED A LEADER WITH VISION!
love how you speak your mind Well, somebody has to!
Trump, Tiger Team Up to Create Stunning Golf Course in Dubai via by
These Islamists chop Americans heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY.
if he tells China where to go ,He has my vote
He would be the very best of what this country needs today!
Nothing more important for America to do then get its house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP!
I honestly cant wait forTrump to announce he is running for President - a strong no BS leader who will put America 1st
Hitting the Ice over at ! World Class!!
This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrumprules!
You have the best staff.. its always a pleasure doing events at your home
Central Parks top locale is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent , acclaimed
Via by Trump ObamaCare Not Working for Business, Going to Collapse
Via by Trump heads to Iowa as 16 speculation rises
Policy towards our enemies Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often , then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Obama , Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at usthey think we are fools!
I will miss , doing his show. He was always intriguing , smart. You never knew what would happen -- but he was fair!
Entrepreneurs Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what youre doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
Entrepreneurs View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
Riding that tiger as we speak! Great!
what is the completion date for the Soon!
MR. TRUMP, I THINK YOU OUGHT TO DO AN APPRENTICE SHOW FOR PEOPLE TO COME UP FOR A WINNING STRADEGY FOR YOU TO RUN IN 2016
Ill be the vp for when he is president You would be better than what we have now!
Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!
Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one? Soon!
Let run out country
was in Chicago and saw your sign on your building. It looks great!!
DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target for terrorists. Thats the reason for the maximum security
I agree! Durst is the worst! Wish you could fire him, Mr. Trump.
Donald Trump for President.
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
Generals dont panic, then the troops never panic. -
RomneyCareObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity , return all taxpayer money.
Via Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th
Via by Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month
Looking forward to being hosted , interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the
ICYMI, described my Monday speech as one of my best and most riveting
please run for president
Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done, government doesnt. It can all change!
rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...
VOTE for a no BS President and lets make America the greatest country again
Congratulations to you all!
yes, please vote for him in 2 yrs
I would vote for you Mr Trump , I dont even vote ...
You RTing these is the equivalent to bands tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back? No, never!
Looking forward to a great weekend ...hearing outstanding things about this
In a NY minute!
America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!
AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN, IF ONLY IS VOTED IN.
First order of business for America is to elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!
Awesome. Australia is screening 12 Jan cant wait
already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore Americas greatness! And no stupid windmills!!
DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! Youd have my vote!
Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be! So true!
Donald Trump will end poverty!
The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!
Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
is the man. Thanks.
Good idea. RT Lets just put you in the white House now.
Who needs sleep when your the one and only ?
for President in 2016, you have my vote
If I could write one book in the next 5 years, it would be following the DonaldTrump and partnership in Dubai
Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is ! Please run for president
. your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film
Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once
Lets just put you in the white House now.
For president 2016!
and have drafted plans for a new championship golf course.
Looking good in Vegas today
biggest turncoat of them all. We know what is but JR pretends to be
where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue?
partners with on Dubai course set to open in 2017
RT The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course.
and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?
for president
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
It feels good working overtime , knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day. Cute!
Lunch w Donald Trump New York National Dealmaking. Really good.
Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..
Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me
watching Home Alone 2 on AMC, first time in decades...didnt realize was in it. I was!
vote 2016
Well said
no one could run our country better &lt,3
Via by to design Trump course in Dubai
Glad to see RomneyCareObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums , raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Very sad , dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning. -
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, Championship Course is a masterpiece
Via by Donald Trump Obamas Jobless Figures Phony. Economists agree.
Announces to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai via
Were missing a lot of information on autism. Support project by visiting mss.ng
Im so excited for this upcoming season of This looks like its going to be amazing
You are the soul of NYC. Thank you!
Cant wait for Celeb Apprentice 7!!!
to design 18 hole course at cant wait to visit... A fantastic place!
I dont care what says, is my person of the year
Run Donald youve mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!
so excited for Looks like a great group of people!!
YES MR. TRUMP YOUR A SHOE IN TO WIN. RUN DONALD RUN
You are and always will be the man! Please run!
When all is said , done we need a smart man, a couragious man, a sensible man, , a BUSINESSMAN. That man is
Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today, it was Great.
Sorry, is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
You are a rockstar! No, just someone who wants to see things done right, but thanks!
This war with is halarious. keeps roasting her She starts, I finish!
I cant believe they havent fired Rosie yet. They will, soon!
. is great, thanks!
YOU HAVE MY VOTE DONALD
Biggest mistake of 2014 was ABC rehiring
Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes.
Very NICE!!
Great job today on
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC! Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!
The Nick Saban of business!!
Serious today..had to break out the tie for this deal today.. Looks great!
Thank you for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION - , ALL TIME
Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
2016 gotta happen
Our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran They are laughing at Kerry , Obama!
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you havent. -- Thomas A. Edison
Congratulations to on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth , pro-energy Senator.
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents , military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
Via by Nick Ricko In Celebrity First Look
Congratulations to for being named one of the Best of VIP Access hotels for 2014 by
Home of represents all that is Miami energy, glamour, innovation , luxury
On schedule for 2016 completion 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouvers skyline
torture tactics documents be released? weighs in
We are spending the day at the and look forward to the keynote presentation from Great!
I went to Doral over the holidays,have to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional.
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
Ill be on this morning at 700. So much to talk about!
We need to be President
WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! Im sure itll be great!!
would get my vote for president any day!!!
Mr. Trump do you know how sad its to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic
Cant wait to see run for president and win
I cant wait to watch you on tomorrow. Im sure you have some wise thoughts about
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself! If you dont, no one else will either.
is back! Heres a preview w
Its about time the date was announced! I love this show!
best reality show on tv
for President!!!!
Ur a smart lady.Hope bcomes POTUS.Know hes busy,but.....!
booked for ?? I have to watch this!!
The next celebrity apprentice cast is True!
The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I cant wait to see pick people apart in the boardroom.
FINALLY returns! rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it. Great!
wait to meet! DonaldTrump will deliver keynote NY National Deal Making Conference on Dec 8.
Great day at Trump National Charlotte. Loved the renovations.
My biggest hero will forever be Thank you.
Best show on television
Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Cant wait!
I cant wait to watch the show! January 4th.
I will step over them to buy a tie.
please run for president !!! So many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!
hey Donald - where can I purchase a campaign shirt? Any details soon?
when is the new season starting? I cant wait any longer.... January 4th
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself! If you dont, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
With James Lipton on the set of
Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesnt need one. - Alec Guinness
Obama is giving Social Security , ObamaCare to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefits Disgrace!
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious on December 15th
. by Donald Trump Tells Why Hes Eyeing the White House.Ill Tell You Why He Could Win.
Via NYTimes, Whats Your Ideal Gadget?
just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shirts Thanks.
If Donald Trump ran for president, hed have my vote based on his Twitter account alone
The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. Thanks.
RT The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA
Donald trump always gets it right! Brandiglanville is awesome.
saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! Whats in the NY water?
Donald Trump would be an amazing president because hes not gonna sugar coat anything.
just set my DVR to record Celebrity Apprentice Jan. 4 Dont want to miss a second!! Great.
Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! A must read!
The best advice you can get in a book! Trump The Art of the Deal
You cant wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Trump How to Get Rich
Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game. Trump Never Give Up
Broken borders, $18T debt, ObamaCare failing , over budget. Dont worry our president is still fundraising Priorities
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans We should send them to Gitmo for some R,R.
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New Yorks most elite 5 Star hotel. offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence
With magnificent views, is the perfect venue to host impact events , business meetings
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC.
Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good ...
Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge. - Philip Sidney
Now that hes a Lame Duck , doesnt need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out! True.
was down in Doonbeg on sunday, stunning place, any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife.
cant wait to see you on apprentice!!!
I think you should be Times person of the year
Yeah Please run for President, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office!
for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!
Donald Trump-2016-All the way
you should definitely run for president and fix this country
is the man America needs
Rosie , Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump.
please, please, please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning.
I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL GOOD change to America!
If ran for president, I would have hopes for this country again.
and I think should run for president. Make it happen sir.
trump would have my vote hands down
then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!
please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created I agree!
would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper But with heart!
If Trump were nominee in 2012, GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!
Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House Youre Fired!
-please-when does celebrity apprentice start???? January 4th.
The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Cant Wait
do you like the Make a Wish Foundation? YES!
your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff, you should be in more movies
you got my vote
awesome howard stern interview!
I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president
So glad Im able to vote now, so if runs for president, I can vote for him.
Dont you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?! Yes!
I cant wait 4 celeb apprentice, The Donald! Finally, Ive been waiting 2 long!
please run for president
I would like to support DT, if I knew he was serious about going for it. Been disappointed more than once. Just watch!
I cant wait for celeb apprentice, my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!
first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
I cant wait for to announce that hes running for President
is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business, WHAT A MAN!! Thanks.
me too! Im such a big fan of !!
Ok, people, it has 2B season of looks fabulous! I CANNOT wait!!!!!
your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .
Id rather be golfing with
hi Donald! Youre awesome, smart, classy! My mom met u in Tahoe and is now in love.
. is the best! Hes my favorite entrepreneur! Thank you.
If I could meet anyone in the world Id want to meet
as I watch the news Mr. Trump Im thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton,bush as potus
High praise indeed.
Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced, making this country GREAT again, now thats a Legacy!!
Hey man youre a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!
Ok, people, it has to be said the new season of looks fabulous! I CANNOT wait!!!!!
I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for - seriously!
You would have my vote Donald Trump
U should run for president and help us out of it
In the very least, Congress must defund Obamas unconstitutional amnesty order.
Its Tuesday. How many more The View Execs will leak that they want gone? Show is failing.
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44 has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
Via Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015 in West Des Moines, Iowa
Via by Trump to speak at in West Des Moines
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Young entrepreneurs Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
Tickets are now available for the 2015 at March 4-8
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
Via Newsmax. Nice article, thank you so much.
Success is dependent on effort. - Sophocles
Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC via
Trump for President!! Make it happen, we need an intelligent leader!
Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
Miss ya too darling! Happy Holidays! TTYS,
awesome. Ill be watching. Kick some butt!
Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song
I believe that too! Run, DT! Please!
cant wait to see the Apprentice - its back finally On January 4th.
Because you wont take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us, I truly believe this. True!
anyone mentioned to that Celebrity Apprentice is a brilliant concept?Celeb egos feed content. Masses eat it up!
I cant wait for to announce that hes running for President
I cant believe they let her back on the view, shes god awful as....well anything ...
True, but America is starved for leadership and hes our best option. Ted Cruz etc are canned rhetoric
Mr.Trump, I love that you are crushing the on social media. As a former Marine I have ZERO respect for
please run in 2016 America needs a POTUS with balls to stop America from being a worldwide laughingstock.
is marvelous for calling out the notorious bozo Never laughed so hard.
Say what you want about this would not exist under President
No surprise. is failing on ratings.Malcontent , another season is out of the question
you should put her on just to fire her! First night!
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama , Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Via by to stay at Trumps hotel for 17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS.
Congress greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
should replace on The View. - Well, they would then get great ratings!
cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movie Thanks.
. Dont let speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude , not smart. She is not in your league.
Congratulations to on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
wasnt even a short term fix at The View.
needs to rest and relax. Its not working.
Rosie ODonnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her-- always fails.
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why havent they learned? always fails.
Just as I predicted would fail on The View-
THE U.S.G.A. Boys Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you
Obamas first meeting after midterm loss was Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
Love listening to on its the perfect start to my morning , week!
We need a president who doesnt take any crap from anybody!!!
hes a str8 foward guy , does things the way its needed to be done
youd win the south
have a trumptastic monday!! Thank you.
You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go
Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs!
for president
Great article in Met Golfer this month on the development of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point
The American dream is alive and well good interview on this AM
is a real individual , very brilliant man! Thank you.
I will be on at 700 A.M. Enjoy!
You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank
right on Donald cant be bought like the rest of them!
Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir!
please run for President. You would be a wonderful leader Thank you!
Hope to see you back in Doonbeg as President of USA
It should be locker in my opinion!
only can get the economy back on track, clean up the government I agree, stay tuned!
Donald Trump for president
hopefully he will run for 2016 elections Stay tuned!
found your locker at Trump National. We had an awesome time. Great.
Yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since started making threats , demands of OPEC , others.
run for prez the country needs you!
is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil , gas prices.
OMG OMG OMG just RTd meee! Yay! I sooo admire him. I cant wait for him to be MY Presedent!!!
Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016
I think you are responsible for lower gas prices, only you had the balls to call out OPEC. Thank you Mr. Trump
Perfect moment with an inspiring Thank you Mr Trump
Me with Don and Sarah. We went out for pizza that night. Remember .
Some nights I think to myself that its a darn shame Mr. Trump isnt in office
Trump 2016!
please tell me you are at least considering running for President.. Please please please. I am!
I cant wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news!
we all love you in Australia. Visit us when youre President. A great place!
Donald Real Deal Trump. Ive been calling him that for years!!!!
I am over career politicians, we need someone who knows business in Washington. Im rooting for you Mr. Trump
we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!! Thanks!
Donald Trump for president!
Donald Trump for president
When is your announcement that you arent going to run scheduled to be made? Stay tuned!
Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is THE REAL DEAL! Thank you!
Awwww, what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. TRUMP 2016!
RT Great news from IrelandClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel So smart!
youre a genius! Thank you, you are so correct!
Now that is a combo..he needs ride along RT Got to meet the man Donald Trump.
Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song Many agree!
on this joyous holiday I am thankful to for being the bright light that guides America home
Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It wont be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!
for president in 2016 !!
you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!
Thank you!
If billionaire once became president hell make best ever n rule lk beyond expectation!
, for president AGREED!
This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. Thanks.
The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.
Great write-up on about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from on Tumblr
I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!
PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Make it happen, enough said
I am definitely voting for this man right here
As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive, I agree its about time we have a biz savvy guy.
have a dream that one day Ill be able to tell my children the story of you taking office , fixing this country
YES! Hes our man for the next President. SURE, Hes the Man, no doubt
Seriously, for president
I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.
All the latest on s plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In todays
Only way Im registering to vote is if runs for president
Im tired of having a president without a spine. Im so ready to call
yes!! More people gonna vote
trump 2016! we need you in office
yeah true, but hey he would be a good president
has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !
youre up at 5 am and youre awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!? Good genes!
its by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Cant beat Donald Trump
2k16 man
if you run for president youll make our country great again I agree, thanks!
Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Millers only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared... True!
I have been in your hotel, great views of Congrats from
There is nothing did not think about for the holidays - dives in
Congrats for being named Best Business Hotel in Chicago in 2014 Worlds Best
Congratulations to for being named Best Business Hotel in NYC in 2014 Worlds Best Business Hotels.
President Obama has absolutely no control or respect over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
If you love it, own it. bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 900 oclock in the evening. What were they thinking?
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you wont see another black president for generations!
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a leader, this would not be the case
This is why we need in office. doesnt know how to keep order
cant wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
for president 2k16
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 900 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Fact Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
Rated as 1 of the top courses in the country, Trump Intl Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes
Via by What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
Hagel quits-
Great travel and parade watching tips by including an option from
. Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! Ive been a huge fan since it started Great!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didnt have a cluegrossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldnt even speak
you will always be one of my idols!! Thank you.
The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
I might not always agree w everything he says,but its wonderful how engages w people on Twitter.
Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time were fighting together in Iraq. Run please!
The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .
I cant wait Donald, my Monday is complete!
u should be president
Trump,We need you in Office,We need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize Our Country,Your Fired!
Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comments were dead on this a.m. on F,F
I truly wish Mr. Trump the best hes Awesome!, Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
I will be on at 700 - there is much to talk about sadly! Enjoy!
We would have the best economy in the world with him as President! True!
has got my vote
The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Lets hope I get it.
run for president pleaseeee
He sure is more than qualified to be President.
for president
Mr. Trump is a wonderful man , more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now.
a billionaire president. Now thats something Id like to see!
Trump would be 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately I do not think so Just watch!
you are a decent man , true to your word. America needs you mr Trump. Plz run for president.
DonaldTrump Does Donald Trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already
Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President. Watch
Mister Trump please run for president this country needs you badly and I would vote for you in a heart beat.
how much did you enjoy hosting NASCAR? They are great people.
Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks
So true! Hope for Trump 2016.
are you running for President? You have my vote
Why do people think that is going to run for president in 2016?Because the country is a total mess right now
We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016, the White House gets Trumped!
I decided that Ill choose to live in the US when you are the president. Good choice!
PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the about you can! How many more lies does have to listen to?
I bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer, great results.
IS A WINNER, THATS WHY HE WILL RUN FOR PRESIDENCY!!!!!!! FOR SURE!!!!
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
I follow because hes a great entrepreneur. Cant get better than him. Thanks!
Donald, you are my model in life since I first saw you I was14 years then. RESPECT!
I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a TrumpPalin 16 ticket!
there are a multitude of reasons to follow Mr Trump...Great American Thank you!
I merely follow Mr Trump because he is a fascinating observation of power.
Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by
great stay. Its the place to be in Thanks for the
The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.
In we trust. Please run, save us - its time
I dont usually shop at but The Donald Trump Collection is amazing! Thank you!
Success isnt permanent and failure isnt fatal. Mike Ditka
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
Donald Trump for president
Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.
IS A REAL AMERICAN AND HE KNOWS WHAT WE WANT.
Gosh youre an early riser. Is that why you get a lot done? It helps!
. Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!
January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!
I have so much respect for he took down Rosie.
best view in Chicago tonight
Please run for president This country needs you! Thanks!
Mr. Trump, youre a nice looking gentleman, period. I think you look nice, hair and all. Ignore the jealous
Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump. Great!
USA Time to Get Tough Making America Again by Donald Trump
The DonaldTrump , sites of his 5 career holes in one. 4 sites, btw.
Triple H aka Donald Trump.
How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades? Wow, one of the few nice comments about my hair!
Are u running for president in 2016 or not? We will soon see!
I would love to see on Any shot of that??? Thanks, but the Apprentice starts on Jan 4.
The Donald preaches on golfs economic impact in US... Lets tell this story!
28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by 18 to 29 yrs old
Listening to present annual meeting. Great information great speaker
just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job! Great, thx.
Congratulations to Bill OBrien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned , well-deserved. A great guy.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business. Think Like a Champion
Trump Tower Punta del Estes cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them. Albert Einstein
Via by Council sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
If you really want to succeed, youll have to go for it every day. The big time isnt for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
Theyre going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
You dont necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
With multiple space options, is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding
Awarded 5 stars from offers 261 rooms , 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obamas executive amnesty is dangerous.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
. Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldnt work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign.
New York Citys iconic architectural masterpiece houses prime commercial, residential , retail space
I enjoyed meeting with to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. - Arnold Palmer
The Trumping of Turnberry via Links Magazine
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit , because he is unable to negotiate w Congress.
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Sneak peek of Trumps trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course
the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success Thank you.
If you dont publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
WATCH WH official says that ObamaCareRomneyCare architect Gruber was an important figure in crafting the law
If you like your plan you keep it. Gruber is just some adviser. Two of Obamas greatest lies told to the American public.
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out. Fred C. Trump My father!
Via Think pink in the boardroom.
For those that constantly say that global warming is now climate changethey changed the name. The name global warming wasnt working
Power Lunching next to the via cc
What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump? You have to be passionate about your work!
can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace? No!
DonaldTrump Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.
Protect Ya Neck. Wear ties.
Ive got to tell you, I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto.
sent me check for $25k payable to forwarded check, THANK U DONALD TRUMP! very kind
DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
youre the man Mr. Trump
Trump is so important, that every time hes makes a decision, its good for the economy .
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming stuff - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Entrepreneurs always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
The campaign from ...
The true competitors are the ones who always play to win. Tom Brady
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research , development. Defund, Repeal , Replace!
Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change, sometimes for good reason. Trump Never Give Up
Watch Obama in 2006 Ive stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber And now Obama claims he is just some adviser.
At least ObamaCareRomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Via by Obamas Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits
Located in Central Park, the iconic is NYCs top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking
ICYMI, my int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress , 2016
just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. What a hotel !! Thanks.
Congratulations to for being honored with a two-star rating again this year!
Chicago, dont forget tix for Wine Tasting Fundraiser 1122. Proceeds benefit
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied , called Americans stupid on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
played on Sunday what a gorgeous course youre doing GREAT things there Thanks.
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including
Obamas China climate deal binds America with language of will curb emissions now while China only intends to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trumps 63m private jet via by
ObamaCareRomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he was some adviser.
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
Via by In NH, The Donald hammers Mitt, Jeb as he again weighs a run for President
My Close Up int. with discussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH , 2016
you have my support..... 100 I hope you run 2016
You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!
Youd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!
I will be on in ten minutes - enjoy!
I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .
Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there. They would like that big league - but I have no time!
If Donald Trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a heartbeat.
so much for Al Gores theory???
RUN DONALD RUN
The entire country is FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
I will be on tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber Americans are stupid , exec order
. We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
You Are A Financial Genius I agree, thanks!
Sad cause my wife , I checked out of today after 4 amazing days. Happy cause were planning our return visit!
So Obamas top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Lovely lunch today fantastic hotel scottish Thank you!
Looking forward to addressing on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
Via by Trump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016
Success isnt permanent and failure isnt fatal. Mike Ditka
A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It
Donald..I met your dad when I was in college..very nice guy, humble and unassuming. True, thx.
Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport really successful via
after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday Great!
is a great place. I just spent the weekend there , the place, golf and staff were excellent 10 out of 10 Thx!
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible!
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire , speaking for Joe McQuaid , the Nackey Loeb School honoring James Foley.
Via by Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley
Via Union Leader Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley New Hampshire First Amendment Awards
Entrepreneurs Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Obamas attack on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Live Free or Die. motto of New Hampshire
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump , Mr. Iain Cochrane
Congratulations to for being named one of Great Destinations
Congrats for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world!
NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by
Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi via Thank you Lois!
Donald Trump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi Thank you!
Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!
! Congrats on your Chef of the Year nom in Eater Awards
Great point on the Obamacare site...Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!
visited over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
Today is Let us be thankful for our nations finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
Congrats on your Chef of the Year nom in Annual Eater Awards- Vote now!
If you can accept losing, you cant win. - Vince Lombardi
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today,
Via returns to reality TV with Donald Trump
My int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obamas trip to China , the 2014 election results
Via by Trump Calls Election a Big Blow to Obama... I Think Hes in Denial
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views, offers a unique array of 5 star dining options
Happy to all. And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
The only source of knowledge is experience. Albert Einstein
Congratulations to , for winning control of the State House , Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi.
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
Happy 5th Anniversary to Cant believe its already been 5 years..
Each and every new event space at looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself
I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!!
for president!!!!
Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!
. location , modern rooms make visitors feel like theyre livin the good life
A spacious hotel room is a rarity in NYC. Just one of the perks of staying
This hotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service beautiful setting.
Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought , he doesnt carry water for anyone
Via Best New York City Hotels
haha I dont even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.
for president 2016
As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet Im in.
All about trump for president
if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president
We need less and and and more True!
Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.
Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality.
love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with
Trumping the competition!Every midterm candidate with robocall won.
Love u on You always make me smile.
enjoy dear Donald,,,,,,you are the maximum expression of real generosity
. in five minutes. Enjoy!
If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive, theyd both be voting for President!
great
Donald Trump is self-made, which gives him lots above other candidates, plus obviously a great president
Donald, make 2016 happen. Lets do business with countries of financial interest, no more aid on demand.
You are doing a great job Heather!
If ran for President i would vote for him!
big fan, run for prez PLEASE
1st time staying at a Trump resort was awesome! Thanks for such impeccable service!
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
excellent- well expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- youre the go-to-guy for sense..
tele-prompter president when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP
please run for president!
I will be doing at 8.00 a.m.
I am from Jackson,Kentucky and we need you for President Mr. Trump,, I agree, thanks.
Definitely the star of Chicagos skyline show! Loved visiting from Toronto!
for president 2016
I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president!
IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!!
Dec 11 will honor me for my efforts at DonaldTrumps home Awareness
please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country, it is you sir.
Please run, The American ppl need you!
I think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop
whether you run or not,you play one hell of a chess game !!
Donald Trump Taking Serious Look at 2016 Presidential Run
The impersonating Donald Trump Radio Gold.
So funny. The impersonating Donald Trump Radio Gold.
If Presidential election were today,Id vote 4 Donald Trump.
youre my hero. Run for president.
Wow, uve attracted a lot sickos to ur Twitter acct. I suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success , wisdom
Great couple of days at the resort. First class!
Another beautiful round at thanks
Yes, we could use a sharp minded man, who wants to get America back on top of the game.
America needs Your Leadership NOW more than ever Mr. Trump.
Remember, we dont get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasnt already taken. So why isnt China sending the troops? Too smart!
It feels like Ive been waiting for the FOREVER!!!!!! Im so happy and ready for this season
I am reading The Art of the Deal by . I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads.
amazing day at Trump Links, course keeps getting better , better!
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50 of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
Early morning moonset in Pacific Ocean Trump Golf LA in Rancho Palos Verdes
Teen Kids News covering the red carpet at the Cant wait until January!
Ive made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park. She doesnt want to go home now.
nice feature on Youre awesome. Thanks.
impression of is my favorite of his. Beyond funny on this morning.
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our Presidents stupidity!
Autism Speaks Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
Because hes a genius and always right. Enough said.
I would vote for you! You could run this country to success!
youre ties are fantastic
When are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? We need you!!!
Thank you both for appearing on making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable.
ill help bring home Ohio Mr Future President Love it!
youre the only person who has any clue about our government!
Youre really on fire? Amazing. There is a god...
Run Donald, RUN! Our Nation needs you!!!!
your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. , I agree!
Good morning Big Guy... Heres hoping we both make a bundle of money today.
that segment was awesome. On all sides. Great start for my day, thanks.
That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!
Outstanding. Maybe Frank could do someday. And Mr. Trump is a good sport.
Awesome bit on with and ! Funny stuff!
Dear Donald, I love you success aftershave. I love to walk out of the house with the confidence that I smell of Trump.
love Frank hes so gooooood! what a great start on friday. Thanks!
Great segment! Ty for the laughs
just awesome!
I missed it!! whens the replay!! 9.00 a.m. ESPN.
. I will be on the Mike , Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. ESPN - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
plus Golic apologies to Bill. Great show line up.
I really want to hear say Youre fired to Reid and Pelosi.
- you would rock the house as Prez!
We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race.
your interview was great
Seriously think would be an awesome president.
youre a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?
Trump would make a very, very good POTUS. He is really, really smart and makes great business decisions.
youre right! This country is falling apart!! We need a strong leader!! One that will take no B.S.
I believe thats you!! Youll have my familys vote should you run!!
played there recently and loved it. Great, fair track. Fantastic condition.
Dreams dont come true visions do, are not dreamers they are visionaries,
Carson..Great SG or HHS, but not presidential material. To whip this country into SHAPE, Id vote for
Seriously think would be an awesome president.
DonaldTrump last year my premiums went up 46, this year another 220. Clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry
Love to see Pine Hill, NJ, one of the finest
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club in beautiful Colts Neck,NJ-
youre a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?
You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again.
Babe Ruth would have hated you, you know this right?!? You just cant beat the person who never gives up. Babe Ruth
Donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz
. Look forward to watching Gretas interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi.
You just cant beat the person who never gives up. Babe Ruth
Via by Joe McCarthy Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut
Why did have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Via by Buzz builds for
My int. with on 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate , 2016
Via Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers Death I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake
Fact every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, its time to move!
Via by Donald Trump Taking Serious Look at 2016 Presidential Run
The new Congress must restore military spending , stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I wont take credit for your successful career!
you would definately have my vote!
I hope all the Rs will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs, no common core, lower taxes for bns
Its time The world is ready for your leadership
for President. Please, at least make a run for it.
Donald Trump is ruthless. His presidency will make people sweat, but there will be real progress.
cant wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed
endorsed early on and he pulled off a real upset - Sounds like just gained a few points
4 days till YeeeHa!!!! Cant Wait!!
Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President.
heres a screenshot of my iphone. please be prez, don trump!!!
looking very sharp sir
should honestly be our president...
Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President of the USA!
Obamas Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. Thats one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
I recorded robo calls for , All had record wins.
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare , all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record , historic midterm losses. There is Hope , Change for America.
Via TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION Announces Trump International Hotel , Tower Baku
Congratulations to who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent , Democrat.
Via Joan Rivers last work for will run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump
Had asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
Make our country great again!
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal-
. Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
What a great night for the good guys. Im worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law
Which means President Trump !
Cant wait for the new season of its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
. Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough. Tonight everyone is using that word!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail
Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he willwont run in 2016 will come at seasonseries final of CA
Well, that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !
Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.
Its been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love I cant wait!
Cant wait to see on celebrity apprentice hosted by
Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks
I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of peoples decisions. Smart man!
so when are you going to start campaigning? Stay tuned!
Just ordered The Art of the Deal by Cant wait to read it Great.
. Congratulations Mitch!
destroying as only he can
Id vote for Donald ! OH yeah
I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president!
. Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
s new Celebrity Apprentice will have and Kate Gosselin
If I write you in under every race, does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote Trump Decides on all the initiatives.
cant wait for The Apprentice to be back
with hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks
umm when does start?! My girl Vivica A Fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!
Grab your popcorn, because T.O. is on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2 months.
what do I have to do to get u to run for president Just hang in there!
Most brilliant casting in the history of TV Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice.
Hey Im very excited to hear were getting back on TV in just 2 months!
Good luck to You will make a wonderful Senator.
Today will be a big day for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
This seasons cast of brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises , great tasks. Enjoy Jan. 4th!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Via by Donald Trump reveals new cast, talks Joan Rivers role on show
Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped , all the other lies.
you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!
Via by Trump GOP on Edge of Winning Big and Forcing Obama to Act
Congratulations to on running an aggressive , fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
My int. with announcing the January 4th premiere , cast of the 14th season of
Photos from the press conference- Premieres January 4th on
Watch to see the new cast of
Apprentice is awesome
Trump National Palos Verdes...
Just bought The Art of The Deal. Cant wait to read this Great!
If ran for president he would have my vote!
Very excited for and wedding this weekend.
Via Obamas Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Shows
Via Obama Didnt Lift a Finger to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison
Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? Start with The Art of the Deal.
A Veteran , true Conservative, will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
Congratulations to and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
The prestigious 800-acre boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants
Via Donald Trump calls Obama Israels greatest enemy
Via by Trump Obama Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better Than Israel
. Thx for the nice story Look forward to showing you Trump Intl in Aberdeen in the spring , Turnberry plans.
My husband was upset. Trump ties , shirts nowhere to be found i our local Macys! Go to
Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week!
WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you dont do Mondays Donald!
Wont miss it! Dont hold back, say it like it is! Have a Great Day MR. Trump!
I will be doing this morning at 8 not 7.
Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida
Great vibe
. Dont forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral.
Hates military. Tues, remember how pres hasnt lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. Only wants illegals to cross border.
You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, I am still preparing my business plan. Youre a good man, and thank you.
gets it right
I added two new ties to my collection At Macys, thanks.
Obama traded 5 low lifes from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico
Learning from THE man Thank you.
RU at watching ?
Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!Thanks
believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
. Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
. Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama. - GOTV for David this Tuesday!
ObamaReidNunns failed economic policies are not working. will bring fresh perspective to solving problems.
Strong debate by No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington.
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
for president
Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election , simply carried on only speaking , no doing.
President Trump has a nice ring to it.
Im currently 16 years old. Ill be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obamas mess and run. You have my vote!
After watching w on it, made me realise how good a president Trump will make
Donald trump for president
IF YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENCY, MY VOTE IS GUARANTEED TO YOU!!!!
thank you for Being a Great example of America Success story !!! Thank you, so nice.
I know a lot of people dont like listening to him but he speaks the truth. So true!
Just saw the on Justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess BarackObama has made
MR. Trump is a Class Act! THANK YOU.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. Thats were the fun is. DonaldTrump
Great photo. I finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. Risk and reward.
Brekkie and round of golf at the amazing course. Great facilities
you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!
I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!
You were great Donald!
PLEASE save our country, we NEED YOU AS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT.
I feel our country is falling apart by the day, possibly by the hours, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE run for president!
RT Beautiful vista over 18th hole at at Menie Estate. DonaldTrump
. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
I adore them both!!!!!!!!!!
Trump, we are all serious, you better be President friend.
Michael Jackson with Donald Trump
. Tonight at 9 P.M. on - ENJOY!
the best Thanks.
I watch your SHOW every sat nite!! Love YOU n show. Love TOO
THE arrives for interview. Catch it tonight on
Only better! Thanks.
please run for office. We cant have Hillary running this country even MORE downhill! We need a leader!
When it takes this long to get a Marine back from a country where Americans vacation something is wrong.
bet trump would be like reagan all over again! Nice!
American RT I want America to be the nation it once was AMERICA
run for office!
Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didnt happen sooner.
is who my vote will go to
Mr. Trump for PRESIDENT
Save America! Vote for !
Amen, Mr Trump! Run for President. We need a strong leader! Stay tuned!
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!
no thanks to obama
The world needs a strong US President, I think Mr. Trump would do great. Thank you.
Donald, you have given me some hope for this country. Maybe someone will help those of us on Disability find a job we want to work
pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one? Thanks
How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks .
Sick!!! This country is going to shit! We need real people to run this country. So get moving!
Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didnt do anything. But I think that did.
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
Canada to ban travel to Ebola hotspots
Mr. Trump , I think you are a great businessman. We would all love to read some business tips from you.
dont know that much about Vladimir Putin,but I do know hes a black belt and hes real. DonaldTrump is a figure of strength
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad unfair for Republicans!
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual. Vince Lombardi
The Art of the Deal business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20, 2014.
70 stories over Panama Bay, deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views
Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
on the set of
Awarded both Five-Star , ratings, is fantastic.
Have you written anything torwards young adultscollege students on how to be successful? Think Like a Champion is a good start
Happy Halloween!
. Spa at Trump offers 12 treatment rooms , 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. Albert Einstein
You cant make a leader, Mr. Trump was born a LEADER! Thank you.
With my family growing up- Im on the left.
Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower. Architecture done right. Thx
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90 for New Hampshire. Send to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97. He opposes drilling , supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote
My int. w discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner ,
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge, is an 18-hole signature course
Via by Will Be One of Nations Best Public Courses
Chinese oil trader just bought record number of Mideast crude China gains while we fight ISIS. What are we doing?
Via on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump
Via by The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump
Happy Birthday You are an amazing daughter!
Quarantine the nurse!
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. Samuel Goldwyn
If Trump runs in 2016, Id vote for him!
Years ago T said if US removed Saddam Hussein from Iraq, somebody worse would replace him. He was right about that
Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.
great interview, yeah Trump said Iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlled..he was right
You were RIGHT as usual Mr. Trump! You called for Madison Bumgarner after game 6 and Giants are now World Champs!
Reading tweets is my guilty pleasure.
. Ferry Point in NYC will be one of the best public courses in the U.S., says
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
When you cant make them see the light, make them feel the heat. President Ronald Reagan
Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe Trump Intl Hotel , Golf Links Doonbeg voted
Entrepreneurs Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called chickenshit. Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
Donald Trump Mitt Romney Blew It, Shouldnt Run Again via by
Via by Donald Trump Morally Unfair to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight
Trump on Obama I never thought it would be this bad via
Via Donald Trump says its morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone
My interview discussing Obamas failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms , 2016
Via by Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver Ivanka Trump
Love this place. Im a Trump resort traveler for life! Great and thanks.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.
no he shouldnt. But Donald Trump should.
In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump
I agree with Donald Trump, Mitt should not run again.
If you were to run for president, youd have my vote! Youre what this country needs!
Great interview tonight .
You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.
Donald Trump for president
he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran. Wow, thank you!
Most of us know you would run the US with heart. So true!
great interview on I agree we need a leader with heart and guts!
good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.
I would vote for for any year.
should be having on more!
Both Bushs were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president? He wouldnt!
great guest to have on your show.
You, good sir, are a great American and created a lot of jobs, not like a looney lib! God bless.
Best episode of Ive seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview, sir. Run Mr. Trump, RUNNNN!
Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo , debt BO has driven us into. He has commoneconomic sense.
Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome
I tweet about sports,but if would run for POTUS, he would beat Hillary and get us back on track.
Nice segment sir....
GODBLESS YOU MISTER Thank you.
GODBLESS YOU MISTER
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know hes nuts!
Watch me on show at 10PM tonight on
Success requires 100 of your focus and 100 of your effort. Dont sell yourself short.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare , now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative to Congress!
I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner. -
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
The perfect getaway, is Europes most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury
A 34 story luxury highrise, offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases , unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care , job losses.
Show me someone without an ego, and Ill show you a loser.
Definitely true
Enough politicians! We need a business man to get this country back on track! for Prez 2016!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning. Dont waste time treading water.
With our $250M in renovations, offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection
Congratulations for being named resort in Europe by the awards!
6 hotels made readers choice!
. in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including
Thank you for selecting the Ocean View Suite as one of your top 10 suites
I wonder how officials feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to 82-27?
Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.
Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President, the USA needs your leadership.
Thank you for reminding everyone we need to
totally agree.
please run for president you can do so much good
Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad
Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi on this morning.
right on!!
Great job on this morning!!!
Great job on Fox , Friends this a.m., have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!
Good job for not being afraid to speak truth, that is what people need to hear is truth.
on point as always!
1000 right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God cant we wake up.
Power to this man!! He cares about this country
Articulate , concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear , present economic enemy,-MEXICO!
Fox , Friends, going on now - enjoy!
Will be on at 7.00. 30 minutes. A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
Id vote for way before Id vote for Hillary. Great!
Donald Trump said that before the virus made it to U.S. Thats what I do!
you are my role model such an amazing man. Thank you.
This is why I agree with Donald Trump They should ban flights from infected countries from entering the U.S.
easily, he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over Hilary THANKS!
should run for president
Did Hillary really say Businesses dont create jobs?!
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting , boring!
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago great timing, and havnt been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
I wish you would run For President Mr Trump we need you God Bless you.
BarackObama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal?? Trump for Im rdy 4 change.
I respect your integrity sir. Rock on.
Please Please think about running in 2016
Yesterdays home runs dont win todays games. Babe Ruth
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he cant even make a website for $5 Billion?
Saudis just cut oil supply,making prices rise immediately while we are fighting ISIS for them What are we doing!
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty, weak border ,
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border , ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote
Via by Obama Administration Quietly Prepares Surge of Millions of New Immigrant Ids
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
Obama should be ashamed!
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
I LOVE U
is my idol
Run for President!
Oh Donald! I love you!
Trump, you are great - you speak your mind and should continue to do so
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important STOP THE FLIGHTS!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
I never thought Id say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obamas fault
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people , resign!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
Opening for the 2014 season soon, the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes
Celebrate Thanksgiving with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual Thanksgiving Parade
,Very cool, I love NYC
She would make a beautiful First Lady So true!
if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be? To resign from office!
We desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. Dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable.
I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka.
lets do this!!! Trump for president
MY FIRST EVER OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE NEEDS TO BE A VOTE FOR U!!! Runnnnnn
is the smartest businessman in America Thank you.
Run for president, DT! Save us! I know you can!
One of the greatest fashion designers of all time.
My husband honored by the Wharton School of Finance. The Joseph Wharton Award. Congratulations!.
Good night Washington D.C.
Washington DC NYC
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
Wearing a Trump tie doesnt make you as smart a businessman as Trump, but it does make you look smart
Free our Marine!
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry , supports Obamas anti-gun legislation. Vote
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer , opposes Ebola travel ban. Send to Senate!
Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me. Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Via by Trump Calls a Cokehead Schneiderman is by his own admission!
Congratulations to on the release of her great new book Check out excerpt
Via Event offers glimpse of Trump high life by Holly Ivy Dore Great interview
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector , he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think hed rehire himself for 2016?I dont!
An interesting cartoon that is circulating.
Later today Im being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
South African justice-
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino , the whole family.
Im going to D.C. today to check on the hotel Im building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
Please save this country.
A man of business and success, please run for president and fix this country
seriously needs to run for president
A smart, POWERFUL, and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump!
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the gang that couldnt shoot straight. Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Dont believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote
Obama will let Ebola fly into US , drugrunners cross our border daily. But he wont pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi.
I will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.a great honor!
no, he cant and will not run. Great man yes, not worth the mud slinging Dont be so sure!
Donald, You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldnt even read her own writings.
DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we dont need to hear about. Make this country right again
DonaldTrump Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access
Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say Reach For The 50 Stars We Need CHANGE
What we need is real CHANGE. What we need is Donald Trump
Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
I wish Donald Trump would run for President
This is a must read for Donald Trump fans! He tells you how the real estate ...
Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic presvp combo in history No, bad chemistry - I like winning!
Donald Trump for president! please save us man omg yes bro!
Who else is as qualified as the Donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen theres only one - Donald Trump
Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend Thanks, a great hotel.
we need you in the White House!!!!! I agree, thanks!
ranked as one of the worst It needs magic touch. So true, what a mess!
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Via by Trump Next president has to be great one
Via by Trump has the right views
ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference with on
Via by Donald Trump Next president needs to be a great one
Congratulations to for receiving the Certificate of Excellence , Top 10 Hotels in Panama from
Congrats to for being named Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
. must take a drug test immediatelymake results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
Its been stated that dopey NY used cocaine while he was a state senator.
Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, cant get any worse
Donald Trump Calls Out Obama Thank you for calling out this idiot!
FOR SURE!
playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
Great interview, DT! Cant wait for next week! Run for President!
I love Mon Mornings when T is on as the voice of reason to tell it like it is,dispel another wk of Obama Lies
Donald Trump for president! please save us man
I will be on at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be less safe with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the Ebola Czar, just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
And people zinged Donald Trump for talking about Ebola. How is this Klain guy any more qualified?Actually, less qualified
Piers Morgan Inserts Himself into Donald Trump vs. Russell Brand Feud VIDEO
Famous Brit inserted himself into Russell Brand, Donald Trump feud - and chose a surprising side
Donald Trumps Palm Beach mansion Which I turned into the greatest club in the world-many jobs!
Donald is onto something here. Russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind
Save America, Trump
Good job Donald! We need you to get more involved!!! Way to go!!
I bet you never heard this before Your Hired
I vote for Trump to make us all rich. Good call.
run for president. We need someone who isnt scared to make the right calls.
in Iowa Next President Needs to Be Great, Not Just Good -
Im leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. COME ON IN
by Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obamas Incompetence
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
If you cant see it, you cant make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus , determination. Be positive!
Via by Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obamas Incompetence
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue
Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 , Theres Nothing You Can Do About It by
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare , is anti-Second Amendment.
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH , NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement , duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
. I got much betterno contestI got Melania!
. Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy , aggression. Without that he would be deada first class dummy!
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and, also, great writing.
. will do much better-
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend , strong Conservative leader
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and are failing so badly. Hes only focused on his bad food restaurants.
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me.
I love you just for that tweet!
is indeed a great man,always says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored.
Please do our country a favor and run for President.
said this from the beginning. Need real leadership
its my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President. Happy birthday!
Visited Doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. Really an exceptional course and resort. Thanks!
If only Donald Trump could tell uObama hes fired the world would be a happier place
Time to bring back The Apprentice Mr. Trump! The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!
We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did.
You, sir, are an absolute legend! Wow!
Im going to invest a lot of money in Ireland - tells Newstalks
. for president!
Mr.T You were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S.
Mr Trump please run for POTUS in 2016!
Mr. Trump, please run for president in 2016! Please!
Hope runs for President in 2016.....
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
. I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!
. Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
Great art. by on Doc Rivers annual golf charity event Doc is a great friend!
. must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
I watched Russell Brand on the show the other nightwhat the hell do people see in Russella major loser!
My interview discussing Ebola, Obamas incompetence , my trip to Iowa for on Sat.
Read about my victory against sleazebag More people should fight when theyre right!
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and amazing back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
is an inspirational man!! So nice, thanks!
for president Thank you.
African nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist?
The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up!
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obamas mental health. Why wont he stop the flights. Psycho!
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
Almost only counts in horse-shoes. He had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer $s anyway?Fool AG
for president!
Donald Trump should really consider running for President. He certainly has his head on right!
A great man once said Dont tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!
Trumps 10000 better then even if hes not from Utah
Republican debates would be interesting with you.
We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought. Thanks!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I cant believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didnt say what we all want to hear,ILL STOP THE FLIGHTS
Your ties are the best hands down! Thank you!
I dont think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it. - Coach Doc Rivers
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, available offers this falls top styles in ties, shirts , suits
Theres nothing like fall in See where recommends you take in the seasons beauty
Young entrepreneurs always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Congratulations to , his team on their important court win for the First Amendment!
Via by Trump Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative
Via Steve King for Congress Facebook Page Donald Trump has a special announcement!
My int. on w discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa
Lightweight is driving business , jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicitya total loser!
John is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit , embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
You were 100 spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.
Donald Trumps golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion
Donald Trumps Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating .
Its Tuesday. is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for Obama. She supports ObamaCare , opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for to change things!
We pay for Obamas travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the sanctity of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote
Congratulations to course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!
We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone wo political agenda , who just wants to make our country great again
For President! The only fighting chance this country has left. hasnt done shit.
has no filter. He says what needs to be said because no one else will say it.
i love finally someone who gets it
please run in 2016. We cant have another Obama
China wouldnt be laughing at President Trump. So true!
Mr has a vlog where he says things U dont wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
Its five stars for Donald Trumps Scottish hotel
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change aka global warming.
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
If you never want to be criticized, for goodness sake dont do anything new. -- Jeff Bezos
If Alison Grimes cant admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you cant trust her! Vote
Awarded 5 Stars by MacLeod House , Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
China is laughing at U.S.
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on Like father, like son.
Just finished reading a poorly written , very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time!
Trump Intl Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline
Think of this After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
The games are so boring now that actually, Im glad I didnt get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that wont happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better wthe Bills than he has wthe Sabres. Good luck!
Wow, China exports rise 15 in September. They are laughing at USA!
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
I agree with everything said on this morning. Put this man in the White House!
Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!
Donald youre so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow
salute you sir Thank you.
well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.
YOURE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE
. in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, Im just not watching them much anymore!
I will be on Fox , Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
never gonna happen-Id like it too, but he wont run Keep watching!
Yes, please do, we need somebody with a head on their shoulders , knows how to use it
we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you! I agree!
150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity!
I think its about time stands up and announces hes running for President.
I dont know if President Obama isnt stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesnt care!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
My favorite building in Chicago Thanks.
Great interview Tuesday past with Jim Gardner, must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Isnt it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
Ive never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold! So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald me!.
We are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. Donald Trump
Im from the UK and even Im voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! Im moving to America!
See inside five star Scottish hotel via Words by
Am a Donald Trump follower, we need anybody other than the idiot we have and Trump would be the best
Whew finally off of work...Ill say it again..TRUMP 2016.BECAUSE NOBODY LOVES AMERICA MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP.
If runs for office he has my vote
same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows whats really going on
Im voting for Trump in 2016. We need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around
As one of my life-long role models , someone Ive looked up to in every aspect of life, you have my vote Mr. Trump!
A real businessman would lower taxes , remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. Go Donald!!
he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top.
I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge
Please run for office. This country NEEDS ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. Also, Id love to be a part of ur team!
if you run for pres, you will automatically win, no doubt. Thanks, but nothing is easy.
Walked past your building in Vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to Vancouver.
Donald Trump is highly suited to be president of U.S. Nice.
Will vote for you if you run.
Will vote for you if you run. Thanks.
Donald, you are my best inspiration to be successful
Some of my favorite entrepreneurs and
Amen! Run, Mr Trump! I will vote for you!
Mr.Trump, If you dont run I will honestly consider moving out of the country. Without your leadership we are in big trouble.
its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House! That is true!
dont keep us in suspense, r u running for Pres? You will know very soon, thanks!
If ran for president, issues in the United States could be resolved. He has my vote!
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
If doesnt run we are screwed
got my vote! Only one with common sense! So true, thanks.
This girl would vote for you! Thank you.
nothing like downtown Chicago! Great building and sign!
Why dont you run for US president? Watch.
Jon Stewart would have been a terrible host of Meet the Press
served in Army NationalGuard for 35 yrs with honor , will serve the same!
Obama I will control Ebola. Obama If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.
Wow. ratings are down big league. Glad I didnt get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
The only reason I bid on was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished.
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world.
Via by Wind Farm Proposal Near Rejected
Via Americans Agree With Donald Trump, 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries
Why are we the sad suckers?
. should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
Lightweight will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
Lightweight the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors dont take -
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious Executive Board Room
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
Donald Trump, Chuck Todd Agree No Trust of Feds Handling Ebola Because of Obama Admin Scandals
Donald Trump Obama Stupid or Arrogant for Not Instituting Ebola Travel Ban On Sunday
Donald Trump Teaches Miss Pennsylvania a MILLION DOLLAR Lesson
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesnt trust Obama on Ebola Benghazi!
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
Please run for president in 2016.
Im at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around. Great.
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. Let the stupid Americans do it! SAD
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Obama wont send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Via by forzadesiderio Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola Why Are You Sending Troops?
Congratulations to on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of My Apprentice champ!
My golf club in Westchester, a great place!
I have to admit is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
Great news from IrelandClare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel , golf course in Doonbeg.
Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola?
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. Walt Disney
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB Bs!
In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
Motivate why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because hes outspoken,clever and has business savvy?
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesnt have a clue. That has to be a new low!
Donald Trump for president
Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree.
Yes Please Run for President - I said that ages ago while he was at a conference in Sydney Australia
if Donald Trump runs for POTUS 2016 hed have my vote!
Donald Trump for president,that would be a real wake up call to the world, would be a great president Thanks
US airport staff should strike if flights to , from affected countries do not stop
Aberdeenshires first five-star hotel revealed The best!
Part Of Being A WINNER Is Knowing When Enough Is Enough By
Please run for President...
Donald Trump for president!
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Cant you see whats happening? Can you be that thick stupid?
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa DOPE
Our Countrys leaders should have listened to you. Thanks to them, Ebola is now a household name in America.
I know he would make a great president. He makes decisive decisions daily, very sucessful
Will you PLEASE run for President ??????? Youve got our vote! Thanks.
Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!
DonaldTrump Via BY Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump was right on Ebola The Donald is always right!
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. At least 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the worlds largest economy. We are busy wasting $s while China builds airports , skyscrapers.
Via BY ramps up with first TV ad, Trump event
My int. with on Atlantic City, Philadelphias real estate market , 2014, 2016 elections
Via BY Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump was right on Ebola
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
Vancouvers most anticipated hotel , residences, will unveil Canadas first Mar-a-Lago Spa
Stop the flights!
Todays put-off objectives reduce tomorrows achievements. - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obamas airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai, Second Course in Planning via
Trump Intl Golf Links, Scotland, voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
Waldorf Astorias sale , 7 iconic New York hotels Congrats DonaldTrump!
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isnt China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
Terrific and insightful interview with by Great piece, Jim! Great info and candor, Donald!
Must See Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inte...
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Via by Trump Maybe Something Miraculous Happens and Obama Will Succeed
Real estate taxes are far too high Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in It is a disgrace!
Be sure to enjoy the 50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival at the Windy Citys top hotel!
Via Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders.
My int. on Leon Panettas critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obamas lack of common sense , 2016
Via by The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino
Looking forward to being this evening for Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral
Promo for Tonight w I left years ago but still interesting--all about timing
Congratulations for 10 years of 3 Visit the restaurant in for a meal youll never forget.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive Hard work, low pay, mean boss!
please become POTUS and make our nation great again!
When youre right, youre right. If you were President, I would feel a whole lot better.
really hope you run for president. Your RTs abt u being next pres have my hopes up! Please do our country a favor , run
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Dont blow it
I cant believe Mitch McConnell isnt way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$s
yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence.
We need a real leader. We need Trump. Thanks.
I agree 100! Please run for president and save this country!
why dont you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses, the USA would be a better place.
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.Its almost like hes saying F-you to U.S. public
Just saw your interview with Mr. Trump just run for president youd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!
your appearance on tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!
just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you. Thank you!
Obama has missed 58 of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100 of his fundraisers.
I will be on On The Record tonight at 7 PM
Trump to campaign for via
Via by Works to Beat Breast Cancer
Donald Trump to crown as Miss Universe venue via
We want to build everything in Dubai via
Via by Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban
. Work has not yet begun. Were in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Congrats on new book A Little Bit Vulnerable youre a breath of fresh air in the political forum
Do you think crooked will ever challenge the NFL tax status? Notoo many friends and contributors in
Hey, the sign looks good this morning! See it everyday, as I work around the corner at SOUTHCOM.
is this one yours?? Yes, its called Trump Soho!
I will be on Fox , Friends at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
Im not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
I dont know what it is, but Im getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
The Jets just dont have it. Time for a quarterback change!
This is where needs to be the President.
should be president..
we really need a person like you to lead our country
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
Please run for president
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing NO SHAKING HANDS!
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
My advice run for president!
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasnt stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
you are the Smartest man in america. Why arent you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!
For President
I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016.
Great minds never stop. Such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers.
Obama isnt smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you.
is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office. So true, thanks!
Donald Trump ABCs Black-ish Title Is Racist
Donald Trumps 1987 The Art of the Deal spent 45 wks on the New York Times bestseller list
Donald Trump meets a very uncomfortable-looking in 2006.
Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... I will not sue Darnell
Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... I was playgiarized!
MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!
PREDICTION Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in 16
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami. Enjoy!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where Ill spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time Thank you.
looking forward to my wedding at Turnberry 2mo! Ur staff has been amazing! It will be fantastic!
I seriously admire watching his show celebrity apprentice was my inspiration to do well as a kid Great.
RT Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
I love
A Diamond , Green Star Diamond Award winner, is the nations top public course
Designed by Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian rebels. What is wrong with Washington?!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but cant be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS , al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
Rated Resort in Europe by offers breathtaking golf , the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg
They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill Not without a fight!
Can you buy merchandise in the UK or do you ship world wide? Cheers Go to to order
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled Blackish? Can you imagine the furor of a show, Whiteish! Racism at highest level?
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why cant the president appoint the best and the brightest?
Theres only one man Id trust to fight ISIS. Thats right Good choice, thanks.
. Im pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day Great
We seriously need for president. TrumpForPresident
Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! Its called very cool
Reading DonaldTrumps The Art of the Deal for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
The U.S. needs at this moment Thank you.
And the military doesnt have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.
thank you for being the voice of reason!
The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola
Trump for President! ! Please!!!
calls a spade a spade, would be a breathe of fresh air in Washington.
no common sense in Washington
THANK YOU! EXACTLY!
We cant just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans, and we cant do that!
our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus
Wtg for president i vote for u
Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!
RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you. Thank you!
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Cant even properly police White House
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they dont quit. - Conrad Hilton
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
Everything in Dubai Learn from Emirates rebound, says via by
Via by Trump Inconceivable Obama didnt know about ISIS threat
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Ive realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
Excited to see elevated fine dining explored by
Our views trump the rest for the Stay for exclusive parade access
36 hrs Central Park as seen in including a stop for a bite in Full article
I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt,fountain of youth.
It wasnt only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
What a stunning hotel! Great work! Thank you!
should Mr.Trump know who two random people are. Hes a celebrity. He gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.
We were at the Trump Intl a few weeks ago its one of the best hotels Ive ever stayed in for many reasons Thanks.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for ObamaCare , opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Interesting case from UK re and abusive troll
ObamaI will destroy ISIS Obama If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.
Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats via by
Must watch for all Georgians new ad Secure Our Border Michelle Nunn supports amnesty , ObamaCare
Inside Donald Trumps Scottish golf course via
played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job
Via NYs Central Park Horse Show a huge success
Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the intl brand that never settles for less than the best Thanks
And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too Very important.
Johnny MillerGreat job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
Patrick ReedWe are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude , the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
. Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
. You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer youd be the champ. Great going!
. Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
. Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
. The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldnt believe it. Youre amazing. See u soon.
. What a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them pls RTout of kindness I retweeted. Maybe Ill sue.
We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it!
Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them, windfarms slashed property value by 12
How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books. I am now writing The Art of the Deal, Part II.
. Charlie, call me - well set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
I will be doing at 7.00 15 minutes.
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
Hope you announce that youre running for president! Youd get my vote!
I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. Donald Trump
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. Donald Trump
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.Donald Trump True!
I will be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and Clowns!
I will be on Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
I rarely get star struck - but Ive just interviewed Donald Trump for yeeeehaaaaa
I am totally voting for if he runs for President!! Thanks.
Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!
RUN FOR PRESIDENT
Just bought at Macys my 2014 installment of your Shirts for Christmas! Gorgeous colors this year! and Fabric.
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
stayed last month, great time, great service, great pool , great view of The Strip from room!
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him.
Las Vegas most elite destination, has 64 stories of golden glass , offers ultimate luxury
Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the games two ultimate adversaries the course and yourself. -
With $250M of renovations, Trump Intl DCs 250 expansive guest rooms will be DCs top offering of amenities , views
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark, beams over Fifth Avenue
you are the man, telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you. Thank you.
So cool to see respond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world. Thanks.
Nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! Thank you for being that guy! Thank you.
Wow, the golf course in Ireland is designed with great taste , attention to detail! - Thx
Cant wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous! Thank you.
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macys. Check them out!
Watching the Ryder Cup on Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!
I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza , Taj returning them to the great places they once were Will take a hard look.
Ill bet if I didnt harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldnt have done itbut it bends , breaks!
. offense, and good luck on the new show, but remember, you started it!
When youre in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punchand dont telegraph ithit hard , hit fast!
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy , tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Go to to help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate.
his books are great Thanks.
Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller song And mine tooooo!
This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope runs so he can get my vote
lets go
If I was an American Im sure I would vote for for president.
Ive never voted before, but if runs for president Ill vote for him.
2016
reading Never Give Up by Donald Trump, he is my idol. Please see this Mr. Trump!! Great.
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Congratulations on being named a Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families by
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that Im for Sen. Mitch for speaker. Im supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
The 2013 Course of the Year, Trump Natl Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022
Via Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved
It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients. Thank you.
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast.
you are my man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else! Thanks.
Trump 2016! Please! Bring class, leadership and competence back to You have my vote!
youre my hero. Keep up the good work.
If runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote. Great!
If you can dream it, you can do it. waltdisney Hope your dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
whats holding you back from running for president? Live , die for your beliefs... Stay tuned!
Can please run for president!
U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs!
I hope that he runs also! We need a real leader in DC.
I hope you run for president too
Im back following and my twitter life just got better! Great.
Donald Trump needs to run for President. Youll have my Vote when you decide to run for Office. Thank you.
When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon, recently finished shooting - and it is great!
I really really really hope that runs for president. It would make all my dreams come true. Thanks.
I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no? Terrible!
When I go to New York my first second and third stop is and hopefully get to see Great!
Do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit. Think Like a Champion
Offering top amenities along w award winning architectural design, condominiums are world-class
Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured ObamaCare is not working and has missed all targets.
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syrias border Wrong. These are the civilians planning the war.
The , 5 star restaurant, is NYCs top destination
Zegarelli and Vescio Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved nowvery bad for town.
DAMAC , Organization are developing a 2nd Trump course, Trump World Golf Club at AKOYA Oxygen!
not only do you have a great name.. youd win and do a great job. Hug for me
im a german social democrat, but don, go for president. I want to see real competition
Will TRUMP-A-MANIA run wild again in Atlantic City? DonaldTrump
TRUMP-A-MANIA NEEDS TO RUN WILD AGAIN IN AC! So true, after I left it lost all energy and spirit!
Donald, you will win, but I have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!
couldnt agree more! Please our country needs a true strong leader! Im terrified for this country now!
run for president, win, and handle it!
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator they have Sen. Mitch who may be next Leader , bring $s to KY
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. Abraham Lincoln
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. Whats next?
Obamas rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
From rags to riches, and back to rags!
Interesting article about Atlantic City
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible conditionrepave Pine Road.
GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants
he will win in 2016
You should run for POTUS, I would back you 110!
man Id love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love you Thank you!
Donald Trump 2016. You better win.
Always enjoy listening to you on Too bad this Administration doesnt take your advice!
great segment on fox and friends.
Thank God, I need my DT fix Cute!
Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country
Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic Good question!
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 30 minutes. Enjoy!
Trump 2016?
Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland,so good choice
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
Without passion, you dont have energy, and without energy, you have nothing! Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well.
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
NFL is forever changed and Im afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history GMA. Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in Syria.Isnt sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
Wow, knows how to build em. True!
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. - Stephen Covey
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties Go check them out.
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the because of me!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a poll, will beat her in November.
Chinas the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they wont lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for Chinas gain?
Trump Natl Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place.
The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman , artist Thx
just passed the great mans tower! Nice.
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3
I am convinced that if had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
The people of Scotland have spokena great decision. I wish well , look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and youll be going in the right direction.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
in 2017 when obama hopefully leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare. Thx
We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering?
Seriously love all things Trump! Thanks.
Donald trump for president!
even if its only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy
Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently. Many agree, thanks!
RT Hi its my birthday any chance of a retweet Happy birthday!
Donald Trump you should run for president seriously
Emanuel is nuts, period! Your sign is wonderful on your building in Chicago! Thank you.
Mr. Trump, I would love to see you spice things up, and cut a rug on They would love to have me!
. is pick for the Best of Weddings with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean
Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to DoralMiami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
Way to go what a good sport. Vince, only for you!
Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.
Donald Vs. Vince McMahon at Wrestlemania 23. EPIC
Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. -
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons , training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq , arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
Must read article by , Americas Untapped Energy Weapon We dont need foreign oil!
With panoramic views of Central Park , the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star offers 176 newly renovated rooms
It was a great honor to be on on Wow, the response was amazing!
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming.
There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option. -- Dean Smith
Loved listening to this morning on fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL
Great job on this morning. could run the NFL much better
was speaking the truth this morning on Too many flags, let the boys play.
The NFL is becoming unwatchable, because of the flags -
Loving on this morning!
great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo, buy the Chicago
I cant believe I agree with everything you said on
Absolutely right!!
you guys need to have on every week!
--- so for commish? Loved his views.
great interview
Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but spoke the absolute truth
everything you just said on mike,mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!
LOVE hearing laying the hammer on the on this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!
ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game
spot on interview! let em play, put the flags away!
Did anyone just see on He nailed it.
PREACH !!! U killed it on !
love your response on this morning regarding the brand
I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.
I couldnt agree more with about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. Im glad someone finally came out and said it!
great call from 100 agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
I think that should be the next Commissioner of the
Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.
is the man.
Listen to what said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league
thanks for telling it how it is
should be on everyday. Such an interesting guy. Thanks.
you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible
Have to agree with Mr. T, what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy, but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle
You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.
100 right about the excessive flags and tackling
loved your time on today. Great points and views.
for once makes sense. The has become less entertaining due to all the flags.
WOW, what did I wake up to? Awesome take.
Everything said right on the money!
-Let the court , league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T, the needs to worry about product on field
was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan, Im losing interest.
great interview on this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!
Wow,an actual good guest keeping it real on his view of the
Completely agree with what just said about the penalties and the hits. 12
well said this morning on the NFL has become the No Fun League.
had a good point this morning on The refs are flag happy, and make watching games boring.
On Mike and Mike, in two minutes!
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money. - Johnny Cash
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
IMPORTANT - , will hold a hearing on Oct. 1wUSMC Sgt. Tahmooressis mother , wife
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out.
Just met with David Perdue Hes a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
sadly, they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots. And I havent been there in years.
Dont forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years So true, thanks.
taj employee here mr trump, we will welcome you back with open arms! We need you back! Thanks Mark, I am looking!
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africabefore it is too late.
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
Ive realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. Nothing less.
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC ask Dana,the best shows
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price, to save Plaza , Taj. They were run badly by funds!
If you cant focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
Dont expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. - Calvin Coolidge
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Obamas promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Via on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump
Via Pageant Coming to in 2015
With championship links world-class amenities also include dining , luxury accommodations
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watchingreally exciting!
I honestly think he needs to run for president. Id vote for him in a heart beat. Mans a genius!! Thank you!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasnt one of the idiots that voted for Obama.
is way classier than
Please please please let run for president. That would be awesome.
I honestly dont doubt it. We need a real leader in there.
Im on board with
so are you running for president? Time will soon tell, but if I do, our country will be great again!
All fact, but of course haters never check the DATA, your business decisions are sound , you have the success 2 prove it
We just need to let run the whole world. It would be a fantastic place, thanks!
you always know what to say. Youre an inspiration for millions if not billions. Thank you.
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago great timing. For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
That isnt even a real number! Nice try, you will see Donald Trump by a landslide in 2016!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - Donald Trump
Donald Trump has more know how, grit, and integrity than George W. Bush. Very true!
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever! So true!
Please run for President again! America is almost finished but might have a chance if youre President in Jan.2017.
I would love for you to run. What would be your plan on stopping ISIS?? Military mom here. Love you
I know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016
Kinda early to decide, but im going to be for halloween lol Have fun!
he will help. He is a great man!
for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls.
DonaldTrump Please for all of humanity run for President. But use your money to campaign so you dont need to return favors.
PLEASE run for President!!! We need you to straighten out this Country!!
Please run. Id like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office. Remember what you said!
Mr. Trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son, Carson. How much do you need?
for president
Always be prepared to start. - Joe Montana
ObamaCare has cut workers pay by over $22B , eliminated 350,000 small business jobs Repeal before its too late!
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty , ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote in November!
Offering river, lake , skyline views, 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms
The so-called moderate Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obamas address. We should not be arming them!
. interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury
Via by looking to hire hundreds
With a designed course directly along the water, is North Carolinas elite club
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didnt act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
you should be our new president ..
My interview on 91301 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero
On 911, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice , our freedom.
The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue whats left of this country, RUN! So true!
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
I cant believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
I wish you were president sir!
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!. Thanks.
trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln Wow, nice!
Seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. Its now or never! We need you. So true!
you should be the next president Don Thanks.
The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.
Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts
Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! Its time for other nations to pay up!
Thats right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance.
So true.. They should pay up for our protection, and by the way stop persecuting Christians over there too!
Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS
you are 100 right. Enough is enough.
Great question...agreed
They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years.
Donald in the House. You nailed it down.
Obamas mind, IsIs, ebola, etc.... and then thinking, boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want demand! free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily no running away and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the countryI will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Attention Arnold Palmer Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King!
Flashback from October, 2013 Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen Youre welcome! Apple listened.
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, Championship course is a classical Scottish links
Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers via by
38 stories high, 462 luxury guest rooms , suites offer exceptional services
Where serenity meets luxury Trump Natl Jupiters Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
Would you please run for President? People respect you!!! And know you dont play around!
Thank you!!! Love Buffalo! My great honor!
I would definately vote for you
For President
you speak the truth True!
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - Dean Acheson
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional global warming is worse.
ICYMI, via my from yesterday on Obamas dangerous disconnect
In 09, Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated Ill see you in New York Historic natl sec. error
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Fact Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
Boasting , 5 Star ratings, features a superb menu
Soaring 92 stories, boasts a 5 Star rating for both its hotel , restaurant
please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible Very soon.
thank you for your support Youre welcome.
loved that season!!!!! Everyone did, thanks.
You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her. Thanks, Mr. Trump. Thank you.
The Trump Signature Collection available offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best!
Always good to see Rock and Rollin at the Aerosmith show. Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert.
What kind of president doesnt get playing golf after a cruel beheading isnt the thing to do? Detached from reality he is
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
Everything you can imagine is real. Pablo Picasso
Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day. Trump How to Get Rich
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
Please do more Apprentices, know youre busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!! Love that show !!! Thanks.
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four time course, is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline
Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!
Our was AWESOME as as Bill Belichick, Ron Jaws, Donald Trump and Jerry Jones. MUST WATCH
you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.
when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly! Soon!
it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.
Might buy a tv just to see on Monday mornings on Great.
You can bet your rear-ends that D. T. WOULD have a strategy, and WOULD HAVE A YEAR AGO. Great segment!.
No one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for everything- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!
getting a lot of praise from on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral. Howard did a great job!
now that I know youre on every Monday, Ill definitely be listening
Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president! Thank you!
It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course Tnx!
I will be on Fox , Friends at 7.00 a.m. 30 minutes. Enjoy!
Joan Rivers funeral Donald Trump, Howard Stern among star-studded cast of mourners
Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Riverss funeral breaks my heart, I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
Thanks for the endorsement but theres far more entertaining folk than me out there. Theres Donald Trump for one.
The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses. Thanks!
TRUMP TRIUMPH TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!!
seriously - USA could use a man like you running this country! We could be great again! Thank you!
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
I hope you run for president when Obamas corrupted term is done.
I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.
any plans to come back to Dubai - looking forward to playing 18 on your course! Great!
cant imagine living a day in your shoes. It must be remarkable. But never easy!
anyone that knows you, knows it has nothing to do with you. Dont worry about defending yourself. You ROCK!
we love you Mr. Trump. Thank you!
Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed. So true!
hard not think Atlantic City and not think of you..youre an icon there and always will be, god bless you!
Trump is Trump-Card to Success in USA ! Make him President of USA
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up, America, recognize the sheer class of this man.
you and your family amaze me, cant think of a nobler family in history. Thank you
Pecfect! Why arent you President?
probably one of the most beautiful ladies to walk the planet, of course is her husband!
Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular. Thank you!
this country would be the classiest, most established, most admired place in the world. 100 TRUE!
If Trump was President, there would be Jobs all over, and Professionals like me would not have to move to another country.
. We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit. Great!
The Art of the Deal got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
Attention all hackers You are hacking everything else so please hack Obamas college records destroyed? and check place of birth
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
Im not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
! imagine how mad youd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you
Mr. Trump with is developing the iconic in
If you want to test a mans character, give him power.Abraham Lincoln
insist starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after
Great event last night with to support
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site cant even secure your personal information.
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release?
Best of luck to on his debut this Sunday.
Must read quote by in article Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings
Taking risks , making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself -Trump Never Give Up
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places
just home from great couple of days at Tremendous golf course, simply outstanding. Loved it. Great, thanks.
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her!
just played Trump aberdeen yesterday, might just be the best golf experience Ive ever had! Great, thanks!
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means. Pres. Ronald Reagan
Joan Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
Mold yourself into the person who can do big things. Think Big
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send to the Senate!
Any American who fights w ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically , internationally, hope is not a strategy.
The next generation of luxury, will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline
I attended concert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesnt get any better than that. was fantastic, great energy!
So many people who have children with autism have thanked meamazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
Im not against vaccinations for your children, Im against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time , autism will drop!
Waking up early and studying my idol Go get em!
My friends son, immediate after 10 yrs ago. So sad. Keep up good work Nay-sayers will understand soon.
has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins.
Trump Intl Golf Links , Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean , is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge
Entrepreneurs Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs Put everything youve got into what youre doing. Know exactly what you want and go for it. Nothing should be haphazard.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
Class act Way to go. big props! Thanks.
What better way to start a movie than having in the first 3 min. Yes Im watching Zoolander on Great!
Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor Thx
Thank you for supporting American values. Thats easy!
Mr. Trump, when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City? We love you and your pageant, we just want to know Soon!
Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to you Thank you.
stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places Ive stayed Thanks.
Her son was over-vaccinated. Terrible.
Eriks story breaks my heart. Vaccines destroyed his family. Very sad!
Hair-raising stuff as golf mogul proves that it is his real hair with his Thanks.
I loved your ALS challenge! Im so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT! Thanks
I am being proven right about massive vaccinationsthe doctors lied. Save our children , their future.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horsesone vaccine at a time, over time.
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at white sand $250M premiere course
Looking forward to being at the announcement tonight.
Young entrepreneurs be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!
The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well. -
what a great sport!! Good job!! Thank you.
I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. -
Watch and accept my
. Hes answered the call! responds to
I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir! Thx
The app in
it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president.. Thank you.
It is fine that despite your achievements, you have not lost sense of humour!Thanks.
Wishing her well! She was awesome when she was on Celebrity Apprentice! Very smart. True!
New hairstyle for Donald Trump? We think it looks great all slicked back! Maybe I will do it someday--thx!
hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. Classy hotel. We will return Great, thx!
Just Amazing! Well done! Great you accepted that challenge Personally I had no doubts about that! Thanks
We just received a by for our 2014 Celebrity Auction Good cause.
Way to go what a good sport. Thanks Vince, but you are the greatest of them all.
You dont have to be President to make a difference,You saved New York from mediocrity. Thank you, people do forget!
AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back. It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump , May happen, thx
There are no words to describe this. My boss is awesome! ... Thanks Larry.
Woah! Well done fella. I honestly thought for all these years that was a wig. See, I told you so, thanks!
You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam. Thanks Lorenzo.
The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox
I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai
For president
THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!
Mr. Trump i seriously love you, your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real, and you speak your mind!
Trump tower Mumbai Golden opportunity
i dont follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!!
You are my idol! Im stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT! Get out!
I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president.
THE DONALD 2016
The ISIS thug who murdered Amer James Foley may hv been Gitmo detainee yall want close gitmo so bad
Please run for President!!!!
gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece?
Donald you speak the truth .
will u please run for president
I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.
you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!
weve got some political sstuffthat has to go,but you,why dont you run for president?
MrTrump, today church preacher said that if Abraham was modern he would be someone like you. Thought you should know. Thanks
Successful Business 101 If buys, you buy. If he sells, you sell. Dont ask just do it
words. My Nephew is a US Marine soon to be heading into harms way again. Its gonna be a long 7 months for us. Good luck
Please run for president, Mr Trump!
your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps Thank you!
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they wont, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why arent they paying?
Remember this, the worst doctors by far are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
In my book, had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
Loved your ice bucket challenge. I hope everyone shuts up about your hair now.
. Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big , that immediately distinguishes you from the majority. Think Big
At last, the hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS Thx--I hope so!
Way 2go! You created awareness for MILLIONS. Looking 4ward to , Thanks Butch.
Obama once said he would be ignoring the law by granting amnesty through executive action. Now hes about to do it. What will Congress do?
I officially accept Very good Eric, I am always proud of you
Via But did his hair survive? , dump water over Donald Trump
Via by Jeffrey Lord Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge Dares Obama
when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote! Thanks!
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers! Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
For those of you who wanted a picture here it is-
ICYMI The ALS that Trumps them all-
The ALS that Trumps them all-
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
Melania would make a great first lady
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call , hes out
Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller song So true!
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. Donald Trump
I love Donald Trump. People are just jealous. I admire his family. Good man that would be a great Potus
Yes, and what a great first lady we would have! True!
Congratulations to and Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
Tell me one industry does not have a business in There are many!
Please run for president. Its been a long time since weve had an honest president. You are called to do great things.
I cant help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!
I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominate to follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!
. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
Good job, Homer! Good luck! Thanks, Ill need it!
Homer Simpson Nominates to do the check out the video clip
Trump trumps the field at Pro-Lady Team Great going team!
. I think Im going to accept the stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow....
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! .
Congratulations to on Emmys Rating Tumble Just as I predicted, Seth bombed! .
I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse if they were still around Thank you.
. award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city
. is the only Forbes 5 Star , 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star , Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
report this
. is Sin Citys most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas most luxurious hotel rooms
Via by Poll Hispanics, Blacks Call for Tighter Borders, Access to Illegals Jobs
A state legislator w a true record of accomplishments, military vet will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!
Its Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Young entrepreneurs be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
Via by Giving back is a priority for me
With the record $200M renovations on track , budget a miracle in DC, Trump Intl Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again politics. Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
God awful show. Many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better.
- so talentless, what was he doing there?
you are correct. Emmys were awful.
He was really terrible. Has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?
Seth Myers is unwatchable. I dont know how he got his own late night talk show.
Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant.
Couldnt agree more! Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.
Kimmel was way funnier than Meyers. I dont think I laughed once at anything Seth said.
Seth Meyers lame act proving correct, are almost unwatchable.
called it the are going to awful!
Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!
He who demands little gets it. - Ellen Glasgow
Donald Trump ISIS Awakens the Lion With Journalist Beheading includes video
. is the most competitive GOP option against Obamas amnesty loving He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obamas motto If I dont go on tax payer funded vacations , constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100, he should be bunker busted to hell.
I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.
I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..
never got why seth meyers was funny, good point!
i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and youre the only one honest enough to say it.
you should run for presidnet Thanks.
also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg.
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isnt it!
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on at 7.30 A.M.
THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT
Would you consider an appointment like Sec. Of defense? Or Treasury?
Everyone wants to back you for 16. Dont think Hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team.
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings.The worst I have ever witnessed
mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. Best country club in US Many agree, thanks!
Youre the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!
DonaldTrump Pls dont run for president. If you do and win, the rest of the world would be screwed So true, except friends!
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He cant even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
DonaldTrump - I would LOVE..LOVE to see debates between D and we assume Hillary. Talk about a PPV event. D is great!
if you run for President I will go door to door convincing people to vote for you. Thanks!
So much hate on . People need to calm down and understand what this nation needs. Thank you!
It would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now
I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like I did, twice. Regret it.
I regret voting for O. I thought he would be great. Hes spineless and weak. Worst prez ever. Clearly
I nominate you
for president 2016! Please! Our nation needs to be saved! I agree!
Anytime you have something on an ocean, a river, or a lake, its hard to blow it
Michael McEwan of Bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet Mr.Trump
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Donald Trump
In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump
People Id pay to see do that bucket thing Donald Trump, Madonna, Bono.
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald! in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland. Thanks.
Via by tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M
Chalk failure up to experience, dont take it personally, and go find your next challenge. Trump Never Give Up
Trump Natl Jupiters designed course is a challenging , innovative 7,531 yds wspecial features
Towering over trendy Bay Street, offers 118 stunning condominiums w multi-angle views , elite amenities
My wife, kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the It was beautiful, as I had hoped! Great, thanks
Donald, get in there and take control of this nation for us!
- saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Cant wait to go back n see more! Great, thanks.
I frequently sport your French cuffed shirts. Fit to a tee and always receive compliments. Very well done Thx.
Its no secret that is my hero. Think big. Work Thanks Jill, best wishes.
On beautiful Lake Norman, offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best.
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami, boasts 100,000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services
your name on the building much ado about nothing. Thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline Thx
46 stories in the center of downtown New York, 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows
my first time in Chicago. Walking along the river and this was my view. Absolutely stunning hotel! Thx.
its scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation! Thank you.
You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. Thats tenacity, and its critical to success. Trump Never Give Up
if Donald puts his mind to it, hell have this country in its best spot since Reagan! I agree, thanks!
I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots, always look great. Thanks.
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee If so, why was he released?
hope you run for and win to shake up and the we need you
Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this? Smarts , toughness!
simply amazing! Thank you.
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, features a 60-ft waterfall
An investment in life, luxury , leisure, a Trump Natl Bedminster membership offers top amenities , services
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food , care!
the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?Watch
Taking my daughter on a date. Only the best tonight! how much?
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term. True.
While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties , jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists.
Mr. for President 2016! PLEASE RUN. IF THERES A GOD, YOU WILL RUN!!!
Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly. True!
I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now
Mr. for President 2016!
always knows what to say. I love the Thank you.
Thanks Monique!
Re Negotiation Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Re Negotiation Patience is an enormous virtue , needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
Re Negotiation Know exactly what you want , focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
Believe you can and youre halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
That is absolutely SPECTACULAR. Although for the Trumps, its called normal. Amazing job. Thank you.
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greenes funeral
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work. Think Like a Champion
. golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox , The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year
Est. in 1906, is home to the iconic Ailsa, Championship course four times over
All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great, doesnt take away anything from the citys architecture. Thx.
On 59th , Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences
On 59th , Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around. Midas Touch
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein
If you cant explain it simply, you dont understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
. highest rated wine in Virginia, is the premier name in sophistication and quality
Perception about India has changed, says Donald Trump via by Kailash Babar
Via by Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai
you got my vote.
your the best in the world for hotels resorts....why not be our best in history as president? Just watch!
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs. Very nice, thank you!
next president. I can tell you one thing, we would have a great country again-in fact, better than ever!
Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN
Please run in 2016 Mr Trump we need a new commander in chief Thats for sure!
itd be a good thing for USA if be POTUS in 2016.
is a true entrepreneur indeed. Smart decision maker and a great leader. I admire you, Mr. Trump. Thanks!
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild.
if its one person i admire, itll be for all the success hes had in his lifetime. Thank you!
played your spectacular course in westchester, hit it to 17 on 13, awesome hole
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. -Donald Trump
I look like Donald Trump when he made his first 1 million You must be great looking!
Be ready for problems. Youll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Entrepreneurs Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Whos the boss?
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Diligence is the mother of good luck. - Benjamin Franklin
The Spa offers 5 star services,12 treatment rooms , 53 spa guestrooms overlooking Chicago skyline
If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result. Trump Never Give Up
Host of the 2022 , 2017 Trump Natl Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf
Via by Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, cant believe R. Lee Ermey didnt win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor , comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Think Big
Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side. Trump Never Give Up
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. - Vince Lombardi
Plus he has his own water.
Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife. Very nice, thanks!
RT The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Have to meet in the morning. Good night.
A spectacular lake front club w dramatic course designed by is NCs top club
. 176 rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park , NYC
. Power Player of the Week interview with Chris Wallace
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
youre a true champion Mr. Trump! Thank you.
I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem. Nice!
Sorry, wont be doing Fox , Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you, Thank you!
Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! - Cant wait to read the Art of the Deal.
you should be the president Thanks!
My Dad, Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers.
And the answer ISNT Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...
Donald Trump , Ben Carson 2016 Wow! I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald, RUN !
If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve , jobs would be created.
Home or abroad, this President hasnt put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases, made things worse.
We need smart people like in office - he can get America back on its feet
We need a President who isnt a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
Donald Trump , Ben Carson 2016 Wow!
A quote youd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I wont sue you, for the law is too slow. Ill ruin you. -Vanderbilt
Bush never shouldve sent our troops there to begin with!I have said that for many years, bad judgement
u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views. I agree
wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster
Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders, Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons.
I just bought and Great, enjoy!
Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!
when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show , you! In the Fall, thanks!
Trump University had 98 approval ratings,beats Harvard, NYU , other top universities
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. - Sun Tzu
best ties anywhere class all the way Thanks.
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year Be careful.
Ebolas spread is unprecedented says CDC chief
for all of your faults, whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account. Thanks, sort of!
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Dont believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
With 18 beautiful holes, each boasting unique characteristics, Trump Natl Philadelphia is a Golf treasure
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush , Obama should apologize
Via by Editorial Board New Yorks mute Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt.
. Dozens of key staffers fleeing office
Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises. True.
One of top public courses, course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf
The new winner of the pageant K. Lee Graham
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Sorry, I wont be able to do at 7 AM on Mondaywill be in India.
You have to admit was correct, Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. So true!
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2 in 2015 Elections have consequences!
These are something I just cant buy. Excited for the
Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity Thank you!
RT We should not be importing the disease to our homeland. Completely agree, Mr. Trump.
for president
Cant wait till is president I dont blame you, things would get really good, really fast!
Watch out, Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald , Ivanka! Im coming for you...with a business proposal, of course!
One of Donald Trumps philosophies If someone screws you, screw them back ten times worse I have heard of far worse!
Donald Trump by will forever be one of my favs I understand why!
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.
Young entrepreneurs remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms , suites is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. Thats where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
I hate to admit it but Im with you on this one.
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-Winston Churchill
Thanks for your nice statement I just want to do as well as you have with See u soon
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Dont ever give up
Congratulations to on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
The Village offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining , catered affairs
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Lets take the Senate and stop Obamas dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Intl Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
Its Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
The ultimate vacation destination, sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind
Congratulations to on being named the Power Player of the Week
Via by Eugene R. Dunn Impeach Obama and elect Trump
Thank you, for dedicating your birthday today to the for Click here to donate
Being true to yourself...will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way. Midas Touch
Doctors have already died treating Ebola We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
Just bought a tie from its beautiful, great style Great, they are top quality at reasonable price
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
I agree! MT Doctor on agreed we should not bring into country in two patients, bring docs to them.
Your opinions on were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH..
I really like the collection, quality is outstanding, Feel like a wearing it.
, Any plans for a trump building in Toronto, Mr.Trump. Already have a great one, Trump International hotel
In the end, youre measured not by how much you undertake, but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
Our current government doesnt have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!
Oh, Donald. Dont ever change I will try not to!
New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection... Hello!
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Dont tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Briarcliff Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no cluebad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down.
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! Im so angry!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
Mr Trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them? All!
. for prez 2016 cuz
I hate myself for following you... But you just have no control over yourself, you need Trump so badly!
Explain? Hes a pollster? Yes, but a really bad and boring one!
. works really hard but is a guy who just doesnt have it - a total loser!
He seems to be doing the right thing. Hes taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola.
i agree it does seem crazy
They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely.
Looking forward to my work week in and my favorite Rooftop restaurant best view!
I find and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders. Act fast!
U need 2 run 4 office
To all the liberal do gooders, this is the Plague you idiots! No cure! You may have confidence in the CDC, but I dont!
I agree!!!!!
I agree 100
Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!
You are right about the Ebola patients. Its a deadly virus, and they shouldnt bring them to the US.
you want sense ? Listen to !
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore leader, is grossly incompetent!
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESNT WORK! Big trouble!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad.Keep the oil
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
. Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes , E bills
. As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right. -- Henry Ford
thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood. Thank you.
Obamas war on women. Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227,000
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Dont lose faith. - Steve Jobs
. signature restaurant, has set the standard for todays modern steakhouse
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them, at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
Not more beautiful than She is just soooooo beautiful! I happen to agree!
Congrats good choice
knows how to run organizations.Has a proven track record. Most importantly-Hes respected
Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal.
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
Ill admit Trump ties are most beautiful.
advancing to next round of bidding for He would be for and everything in general.
Got my first paycheck today. Watch out Im right on youre heels Great going, work hard!
, you have INCREDIBLE kids!!! By far your best work Very nice, thanks.
Donald, ever since I switched over to Trump ties from Macys I cant stop closing deals!! Great!
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck. Trump Never Give Up
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers a spectacular course, with hill vistas, bunkers and incredible water features.
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
Vera Coking saved me mucho money by turning down my offerthanks Vera!
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
From ABC News In Demand Washingtons Highest and lowest Speaking Fees by Scott Wilson
. river, lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms
I support K-9s for Warriors, a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact
Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macys for Fathers Day. he loves it. he says its the best tie hes ever owned! Great.
I know exactly what it is... and youre it Thanks.
4 President!!!
You do have awesome ties. I have several. Thanks.
will be our strongest leader since Reagan I agree, thanks!
I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot.
If seriously takes a stab at presidency, I will find a way to work on his campaign. Thanks!
CaseyMelissa wedding Jonathan Truhan, Aaron Butler, Seth Kossin
Only man qualified to be president in 2016 is Thank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!
It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand. - Midas Touch
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
About to check in for 3 days!! Driving in as I type! Course looks amazing! Enjoy!
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent. Rev.
Its time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obamas war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
PM should be run out of office for spending so much of Englands money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I cant believe that Prime Minister is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at provide a sophisticated urban appeal
is example of how Success is earned!! Everyday is an opportunity to get after it! Thank you.
Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! Thanks.
when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year, thanks.
Via Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21 I am proud to be a sponsor!
Watch this tour by of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-
had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful! Great, thanks.
saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem. Thank you
knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country. So true!
You are truely my hero Thats great, thanks.
. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
Even i want you to become the president of the United States and im from Britain! Cute!
Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.Its much appreciated. My honor, thank you.
Celebrated doctor will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40 of the border A coup for the migrant Democrats.
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Watch Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
My int. on the border crisis, , Obamas ineptitude , the economy
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River, also offers limitless social events
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week , did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
Get our Marine out of Mexico.
I just finished reading your book Think Like A Champion. Great stuff. Positive thoughts, positive actions. Thank you.
Be ready for problems-youll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges. Trump Never Give Up
staff at Trump Doral was amazing. Made my visit wonderful. Blue course is awesome. Doral as it should be Great, thanks.
The ultimate Golf experience, is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline
Saw s Las Vegas hotel. The 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! Thank you
Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces
All we can say is WOW! What would you say?
A big thanks Stephen Gallacher, Johan Carlsson , celebrating
What a day at Course is unreal.
What an amazing course Got to get yourself there to play.
RT Trump International Golf Links Scotland truly stunning Photo by
prepared for his Scottish Open victory at out the video below.
Good fun yesterday slapping it around Trump International Golf Links with and Sammy...
The 18th hole at Int.Golf Links. This golf course is very impressive and a great test...
Is Obama the worst President ever? Top of the list!
I dont know if yall know it but seriously might be our next president. We will soon see!
I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama! True
I want you to be president! Thanks.
you should run instead of just talk about it. youd probably win. Remember your words Jake!
. just said, Mexico is called the highway to the United States True!
what a timeless classic these two are! Class , Beauty! Thank you!
Id vote for Thank you!
What will make you decide to run for President ? America needs a leader that can guarantee change.
where is Al Gore now! Coolest Summer On Record In The US Real Science
Its late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast! Its now CLIMATE CHANGE
Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.- Reed Markham
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration Obama will soon apologize.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he cant fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nations worst AG Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view
Watched Gennady Golovkin at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight
BIG congrats to on your DC hotel ground breaking. Thank you.
good looking family. Thank you.
. provides luxury accommodations , a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now
played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience! Great, thanks!
when you take charge Mr Trump, thats when its gonna change. !!!!
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change? Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!?
. When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv. In the Fall
Beautiful!! Trump National Golf Course.
Couldnt help but notice how crispy the shirts look at Macys!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours. Think Like a Champion
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold, pool deck overlooks the City of Lights
after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking. Thank you
An architectural landmark, offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. -
Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County, Trump Natl Bedminster is the proud host of the 2022
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics , play!
RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!?
You have to run for President in 2016 and save this country!
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch-
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border , our servicemen. Boycott!
Just bought Think Like A Champion. Small book, huge motivation.Thank you! Thx
Its not whether you get knocked down, its whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi
Winners embrace hard work. -
Donald Trump $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among Worlds Best via
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
Just played Trump International Scotland... Everyone was thrilled. Fantastic golf course! Thanks.
The Donalds going to be saying Youre Hired to lots of people in the District! True!
Less than 1 of Obamas $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
please please please run 2016
What a dysfunctional Administration when Illegal Aliens get free , better medical care then our Veterans. What a disgrace.
God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Cant wait for the new hotel! Fabulous, as always.
much like taking over the gov. Ice rink, something will finally get done there as well.
creating jobs in Washington DC while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place
its great to see that the Trump name will be in DC Thank you.
Breaking ground in DC today. Trump for President 2016--so much more ground to break! Thanks!
Trump is a winner. EVERYONE knows that.Some LOSERS dont acknowledge it yet follow him
Todays groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication.
. exceptional dining wequally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences
Happy to join at kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office Thx for being with us!
. A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
Article More illegals enter than people born in state each week.
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
Nice move! Worth while investment. Cant wait to see how well its finished!
Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obamas vacations to actually deal with this.
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients.. Great, rated course, have fun.
You have enemies? Good. That means youve stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill
reveals plans for all-new spa at resort. Exclusive interview in todays
was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about course Justin is a total winner
The Donald is in town. Find out why. this morning.
You have enemies? Good. That means youve stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Thanks for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
The Trump Spa is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms
Trump Intl Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7,326 yards. Floridas top course
. offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges
Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. - Bill Russell
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans
It takes guts to win, fortunately, most people dont have guts! -- Donald J. Trump
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. Thats where the fun is!
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
It takes guts to win!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
How would Donald Trump handle Vladimir Putin? Easily and with good results for U.S.
Who should be the 2016 GOP nominee? Participate in 1776 Coalitions live Poll. vote Donald Trump,president
Many say Donald Trump worlds greatest writer of 140-character sentences
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
Many people have said Im the worlds greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
Its Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
. is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One $s to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Re Negotiation Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Remember the old saying The more you learn, the more you realize you dont know -- its true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. Babe Ruth
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available offers top styles in menswear. Dress your best
A top rated NY course by provides award winning services and exceptional facilities
just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty Thank you.
only you can fix this country. I agree!
Take it away, take it away
Thank u 4 outstanding service , attention 2 detail 4 the CowanMartin wedding on Fri.
. Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
I will be on Fox , Friends at 7.00 20 minutes. Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb, staff fantastic. Thank you. Will always stay Trump now.
Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obamas Carter. Please run for President in 2016.
Your hair is magnificent. Dont let anyone tell you otherwise. What a nice guy!
Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New York Yes!
The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises
. FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA I agree!
you are my inspiration. Great, thank you.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others. - Orson Welles
In beautiful Pine Hill, Trump Natl Philadelphias award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline
See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. Its the best path to comprehensive success. - Think Like a Champion
The Honolulu accommodations of are the perfect merger of beauty and function
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent, piper playing outside hotel iconic scene, absolutely marvelous Thx
you are a winner. Thank you.
Maybe he will trump the competition.
Whens celebrity apprentice starting? Just finished shooting - in the Fall.
Winning isnt everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
I love your quotes. They inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. I shall FIGHT until I draw my last breathe. Nice.
had an incredible day at Trump Bedminster. Bravo Mr. Trump Great.
Thats our President! Thats why we need you to run in 2016! I know you would never waste our money! President Trump
5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a worthless website
Looking forward to learning from the best
In Las Vegas doing a sales seminar. Staying at the trump hotel. Awesome place to stay!
Dinner at the Trump. Thanks for the great view!
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, , all will be well Trump Never Give Up
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spa boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments
Problems are never truly hardships to winners, , if you havent got any, then you must not have a business to run.
. 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design
Winning isnt everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
Congrats to Obama , Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half , program costs extra $700B.
You can always become better. -
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Govt will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
Wouldnt life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life? Interesting!
You got my vote! But please dont make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!
I would vote for him! IN a heartbeat!
Im seeing many tweets about for President. Lets roll with that!
Without Passion you dont have Energy..without Energy you have nothing Trump
please run for President.We need someone to save our country!REALLY?
Yes, please please run for President. And please please make your running mate. PLEASE
Donald Trump for President! Thank you.
DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a fucked up nation
Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen.
please run for President... We need someone to save our country!
Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!!
Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredible Thanks.
My cousin is getting married at your Club in Mooresville on April 25 2015. Tell them congratulations!
Nobody knows location location location like beautiful view from the terrace in Chicago
Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.Albert Einstein
The acclaimed soars 92 stories high. Youre either staying in or in its shadow.
No matter what youre managing, dont assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum. - Trump How to Get Rich
Awarded the prestigious 2014 5-Star Guide is located in beautiful downtown Toronto
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
John Cahill is highly respected in all circlesreally nice to see that hes running for New York State Attorney General.
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesnt work!
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Its not that Im so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Designed by Trump Golf Links at Ferry Points 18-hole course sits by the Bronxs Whitestone Bridge
. features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott!
Trump Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets via by
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline, features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes
Rickie Fowler Instagram photos Websta via
There is HOPE!! Thank God- podcast- interview guest Paula is a winner!
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
The reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago
Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so thats a start!!!! Cute!
Donald Trump for president!!!! Great idea!
I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt Tahmooressi Boycott Mexico?
It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not...
they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes.
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didnt work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !! Thanks.
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
Only followed from across the pond for a couple of weeks, but his use of is superb.
are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? A very good question!
trump for presidant! Ive waited years for this to happen!
our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown. True.
Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.
Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
After watching fox this morning, Im convinced that should run for President! Thanks.
donald trump for president!
I cant believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see at request of U.S. leadership. STUPID!
hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.
Now I really hope ure contesting for that seat in the White House come 2016. Watch!
time that somebody ask me about my future I always say I want to be like Donald Trump. Youre such an inspirationThanks
Mr Trump, even the trolls hang on your every word! They pretend to despise you! Ignore, keep inspiring!
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
LOL Everything in life is luck. Donald Trump I never made this ridiculous statement.
Oh surely if you had been elected president the United States would still reign supreme. 100 certain!
Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success. Work hard!
right move, right time for you. Typical of your intelligence and business sense. Great timing.
yah AC ended when you stopped loving it!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
My editorial A COUNTRY THAT CANNOT PROTECT ITS BORDERS WILL NOT LAST
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense. -- Thomas A. Edison
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Via Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula features top public course , elite restaurants
My interview on the border crisis, USMC Tahmooressi , my fight for the American flag 1500 mark
It looks like youve outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful property! Thanks!
Amazing building and love the new sign! Thank you.
Cant wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago! Thanks.
WHY are we sending money to Mexico? We all know where it will end up. True--a total waste!
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now its no longer laughterits disbelief...
Just asked frequent Las Vegas visitor where to stay. He said Thanks.
Phil Mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with Rich Lerner. Thanks
. Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helpinguse it a lot!
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ? Now that would really work!
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting, great fun. The Donald delivered
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about builds beautiful buildings..So true!
Hearing Rosies name makes me nauseous! Seeing her face makes me puke! Cant imagine WATCHING her!
Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?
should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer,secure the border
If a person is at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they cant get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
Dont fight the problem, decide it. General George C. Marshall
You have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you. Think Like a Champion
Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you. Trump Never Give Up
Honolulus best features a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country , to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
How does feel about Rosie back at They are desperate--a short term fix!
thank you for fighting for our marine! Youre welcome.
2016 too late. America wont survive another 12 months of this lawless O regime , cowards. Thats what comebacks r about.
not sure what the fuss is about, I think the sign looks great! Thanks.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail.
My conversation from ON THE RECORD
Every Trump property Ive seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection Great, thank you.
Our govt should immediately stop sending $s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine , stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
Central Americas tallest building, sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind
. I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting , inappropriate.
The only way to fix our countrys mess is for president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!
Hopefully after 6 years, you still have it in you. A vote for Trump, is a vote for a champion. Thanks
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Rosie back on ? What do you think about that, Mr. Trump? She will self destruct, as she always does
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesnt have it
Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias
My sons high school graduation present. Guess where he wanted to go! Trump National of course! Great!
We played Trump Intl last year. Spectacular golf course. Caddy Alan Neal made the day.
What do you say Donald? Run for President???
Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!
Id vote for Trump in a heartbeat. No question. Good decision.
Why cant run our country? The man knows his stuff!!
Thankyou for supporting our Yes could do something
telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obamas face and he does nothing
says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed.
Very good points made tonight on Greta.
on When was the last time something positive has happened in this country? Hmmmm....So true
You were great on Greta tonite. Thanks.
Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100 Thanks.
After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.
Nine holes Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing.
I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you.
If runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate True.
visited Balmedie yesterday for day, fantastic course! Will need to go back for full 18 Thanks Kenny
played trump international today, unbelievable course, decent mode of transport to Thanks Stuart.
sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go... Thanks Phil.
Best layout Ive ever played! Thanks David, so nice.
Nine holes Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. Thanks Justin, play well this week.
The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose, J Walker, Phil and Rory all loving it Majorly Thx Ted, enjoy!
Congratulations to Derek Jeter on being named to 2014
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
Featuring , Palm Grill, offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, has a superb clubhouse , top amenities
In the heart of midtown New York is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily
thanks for your inspiration keeping things real Thank you.
As you go through life, youve got to see the valleys as well as the peaks. Neil Young
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico?
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
They should get and on I would watch it everyday. Cute!
Keep fighting for the flag I will!
already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago USA NEXT!
needs a proven leader , successful businessman to get us back
The unbelievable Trump International was a huge pleasure to play today! Such an experience! Thanks
Donald Trumps Palm Beach mansion
In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - Donald Trump
if you were in office you would do everything right. True.
have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016
for Prez!
Id vote for in 2016. Thanks.
recently stayed in your hotel in Vegas...its beautiful my wife and I loved our stay!! Great, thanks.
High above the city, pool deck mixes business , pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold
Set the example, and youll be a magnet for the right people. Thats the best way to work with people you like. Think Like a Champion
Opening in 2016, original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. , 63 stories
Thank you to for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland -- GB,I Best Modern Course -- A great honor!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties , shirts -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people arent used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Listen to others but never negate your own instincts. Trump Never Give Up
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesnt have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
Weve got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. Calling President Trump
wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?
how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens,gives them free ObamaCare
Just played Scotland course. Verdict Fantastic. Dispelled all biased anti-Donald chatter Id heard.
If you r lucky enough to play Trump Aberdeen Scotland make sure you get to loop for you.
God bless you
Show me a man without an ego and Ill show you a loser - Donald Trump
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump - So very true!
America is the experiment that works. President Ronald Reagan
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Are you surprised?
Obamas statement that illegals cant stay Obamas promise if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president
Via by Heather Noel Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump
NYCs sole hamman, the bi-level features indoor , outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services
They say read a book itll make you smarter. I say read a book by and you become more intelligent. Thanks.
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism, sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world. True, easy.
Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......its iconic... I will!
saw the building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!
Thanks for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on!
Reading by - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump Thank you.
Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!
Great way to start Monday today D, tellin it like it is.. We need somebody in office like...um... YOU?
RT Donald Trump Proves Hair Is Real Interview --In case you were wondering...
Negotiation tip The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
If ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess, nows the time, DJ! True!
It was helping Iraq that caused this problem in the first place.
only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country again. Trump 2016 I agree!
And we shouldnt help Iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil, guaranteed in writing.
Typical, I bet the Dems will surrender the oil over to the Russians , Chinese as payment for our debts, etc.
Mr. Trump, you are avoiding the responsibility of running for President since the nineties. Be patriotic and run.. Watch!
If The Donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!
We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, dont give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Happy 4th of July to everyone, including the haters and losers!
Please run for president this country needs true leadership Thank you.
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
After foolishly spending two trillion $s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who wont get the oil in Iraq
please run in 16 Kentucky is ready to support you!! Thanks.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency. - Think Like a Champion
. Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course Thank you.
With an elite course designed by is North Carolinas most desirable club
Offering two championship courses, has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017
via American Spectator Trump Card by Jeffrey Lord
whats the best advice to be successful in business? Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.
I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you. Great, thx
The tower looks beautiful Donald. Best building in the city hands down! Love what you do! Thank you.
Also good to see not being drawn into independence debate. Either way, Trump Turnberry is a winner.
Donald Trump unveils vision for via by
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didnt have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer
Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
. by Trumps transformation will make Open worth the wait
Via Donald Trumps name will boost
Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can.
was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious Look at the solution, not the problem.
DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
Whats there to debate?
RT Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you dont, nobody else will!
My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks
Ive been reading books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon, Scotland time. The place is amazing!
DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!
Champions arent made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. Muhammad Ali
We know a fourth-grader who thinks hes the next Trump! Tell him to work hard!
Awarded the renowned 5-Star rating, the 65-story brings style, luxury , impeccable service
lets get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral Thanks
Cant wait to get to play on my list for a long time. Awesome job Thanks--you will love it!
Ive been reading books and about lately. I need some Trump books to read! The Art of the Deal
Make your NYC getaway memorable -- provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West
BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nations capital. Sir well done Thanks
My favorite sky scraper in New York so far has definitely been Trump Tower. Such a classy , timeless design. Great job Thx
Trump Intl Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in , enjoy Opening 2016
Entrepreneurs Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious Look at the solution, not the problem.
Im convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Steve Jobs
Congratulations! Great feat accomplished. Well done, cant wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue Thx
You should run for President of USA!
Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds? So true!
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for sign to my other properties, including even Thank you!
What can you learn today that you didnt know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know, the more you realize how much you dont know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I look forward to my press conference Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
was there for the 1st time last week, beautiful bldg inside too!! Thanks.
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - Think Like a Champion
A testament to American ingenuity shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYCs most iconic buildings
I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!! Thank you.
Your my fav for 2016 Thanks.
Run Trump Run!!
If not you, then who?
country needs the right person for the job theres only one! trump 2016 Thanks.
Then PLEASE run for president!
When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Im going through withdrawal! Soon!
We need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will!
Love the sign . well done.
It was a pleasure to meet you today Mr.Trump, wishing the very best with Trump international Doonbeg
Powerful book , thank you!!! Great.
but can you get him to stop sucking at his job? That would be, sadly, impossible.
Cracking day at Trump International Links Scotland yesterday. What a place to play golf! Loved it.
Best looking building in Chicago. We enjoyed our stay greatly. I like the new TRUMP addition.
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldnt, McCain couldnt.
you are the only person that can beat Hillary Many are saying that, interesting!
after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president! It was fun, thanks.
I cant understand people who dont like .. Must be because hes got everything anyone wishes they had. Thanks
please run for president! Your the only one for the job
We LOVE your business updates and insights. Dont waste your energy on politics. Business is where you shine.
I know who Id endorse and give my money In a heartbeat and thats please run! Thank you.
Looks spectacular
Another masterpiece Donald!
Newspaper We Were Wrong To Endorse Obama, Hes Even Worse Than George Bush
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Ask yourself What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is in 3.
Welcome back in Europe Thank you.
Lightweight is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I know Shia LaBeouf and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. Nothing less.
Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9. Worst in memory -- ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond-
Im leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
After these spirited primaries are over, must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obamas agenda.
Via by Trump-Backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary
. newly released book Special Heart brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities
Exclusively The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties , shirts at the best prices.
Someone just wrote that you predicted every single major event thats now happeningand they knock you instead of giving you credit.
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that I told you so! so, I told you so.
...In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element...
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week to discuss changes , big investment Ill make. Very exciting!
Americas top public course greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by
Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary via
Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners. --
Its Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nations worst AG wearing today?
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please dont do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
will we see Celebrity Apprentice again soon? I love that show! Yes, just finished shooting.
Its time to start your political career. The people want you to run.
Im over 70 and have never seen such , arrogance, incompetence and Ill -intentions as this President and his aids.
Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To
Explain why BHO rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a Mexican jail?
I truly think underestimates actual net worth Thats true, and they do it knowingly - who cares!
Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago.
If Trump can control his crazy, then its a go . He can make the U.S. great again.Is no crazy
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
I love how my kids know who is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if were Canadian. NothingWrongWithThat
just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it , the beautiful building its on. Well done.
Quote Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To
lets do this America. BOYCOTT MEXICO
Great building.
All I want for my birthday is for to wish me a happy birthday! Happy birthday.
You are a king maker Don! True!
in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!! Thanks!
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organizations signature superior quality, detail , perfection
Congrats to on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
In the center of Irelands rugged west coast, offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa
to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Dont hate.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you havent found it yet, keep looking. Dont settle. Steve Jobs
looking to open my own businesses. Any advice you can give on that subject? Find something you love doing--, never give up!
Another cover-up. Obama wont disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country No surprise.
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50 fighters face justice?
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
A win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative wholl make a difference in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
Ive done hair since I was 14, thats real not a rug! True, thanks but they know it--dishonest press
Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w his name in them Interesting!
for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ... My honor!
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for He is strong, he is smart , he wants things to change in Washington.
Great going you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter
go for it Sir!!! Just watch!
DonaldTrump Please dont mess with us again, please run , dont change your mind. We need you
The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution. So true!
Im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re Seth Meyer. Terrible , feel embarrassed for him. Awkward!
It seems democrats are incapable of honesty, especially where you are concerned, afraid of you. TRUMP 2016!
I wish would run 4 President, we NEED HIM! if he cares enough about this Country he will run.
I have to confess, I think the Mr. Trump would have been a much better President then this fool we hav in office now.
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer
The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge
Flashbk Trump I would build a border fence like you have never seen before via by
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer
Its Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
Must read editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- Wilding for Profit
He was on Howard Stern last week. Awesome interview! Thank you.
Excited to hear what Trump has in store for If anything like we are in for a treat! It will be great!
The failing which just raised its prices because its dying, said I wear a wig when they know I dont. Dishonest.
The dying asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff , then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him
DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list.
surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work! Would make U.S. great again!
please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! Youre a great man!
Wish I had hair like Great taste!
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
. Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!
I bet you will make hell of a president, the world needs presidents like you
Everyone wants to be Donald Trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work.
If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! Thanks.
are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you. Thank you.
for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald! True.
I will be on Fox , Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes. Much to talk about, enjoy!
Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations, since I was a teenager. I am a small business owner.
Donald youre the man Thanks!
I just started reading Trump 101 its a great book Mr.Trump. Terrific!
Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump. Thank you, work hard and smart.
RT Donald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit. I agree!
America and the world needs a smart strong,patriotic leader,Mr Trump is that man. I agree!
I disagree with you on A LOT of things but youre spot on on the 5. Well finally!
Were likely paid w public funds for original services, now likely to get nearly half of settlement....
they are laughing on their way to the bank.
right on, donald! your tweets on the Cent. Park 5 are the truth!
Donald, you are the smartest man ever, and the most visionary! Thanks!
Id bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their clients
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid by the City or both?
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts - should have been trial. Politics!
love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!
Donald Trump will serve a Positive Government if Elected president.
Former Queens residents include Martin Scorsese and Nancy Reagan! Great place!
Bluntness is thy name oh Donald Trump!.....you call it as it is, regardless whose ox is gored.
I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign, he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him
I Love the new letters! Very classy!
I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President
Goldberger was a loser True, really bad taste - but hes gone now!
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired or left as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
RT . for President! Smarter than any man in the USA! True!
I like to read your tweets and I am delighted with you, intelligent, decent, strong man! Thanks.
Very impressed with Trump Tower Vancouver. Nicely done, sir. Great building-thanks
Mr Trump, You were Excellent on Howard Stern! It is time that America is Rebuilt on a Renewed Foundation of Capitalism!
I admire you so much! Thanks.
Youre a big thinker, and one of a kind... go for President of USA .
You were amazing on last week, WELL DONE, you have our vote, for what ever !
Flew through LGA on Friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. To bad LGA is such a dump. Not a great welcome to NYC
Im in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model
Love the sign!!! LoL
love the sign in Chicago. Its got class.
Love the sign!!!
I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on
Im going to Chicago next week and Im def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign!
Greatest sign in all of Illinois!!!
It even lights up?? Thats so HOT
when you do the things youve done you can put your name on it!!! Thanks.
great visit on Howard Stern this week. I cant wait for your next visit!
Lived in Chicago all my life. Sign looks great! Thanks.
One of the best hotel stays Ive ever had in the world. Superb, all around!
Youll make a great president Thanks.
can you please be Obamas replacement Interesting way of putting it!
Listening to on the Howard Stern Show....what a guy!
I am seriously afraid for our country. People dont realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction.
ppl tweeted him , begged him not to cast her. I wont watch this season. Yes you will!
If you run, I will vote for you. If you dont, shame on you. Be cool!
I love the sign!
Mr. Trump you were witty, respectful, entertaining and as Howard said just a down to earth guy!
I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!
Run for president Thanks Carli.
Love the sign Thanks.
R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.comChicago Great job!
what a place mate. Loved it.
I feel weird ab it but was on this morn , I surprisingly liked him a lot. Dudes got his shiz together
Why isnt Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called leader
Listen my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for
The interview by Jeffrey Lord A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting.
MUST READ! My editorial I love Chicago ... and my sign!
From the Wall Street Journal Google Steps Into Autism Research re
When youre at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer of yourself and of others. Think Like a Billionaire
Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. - Bobby Jones
No one else can beat Hillary except you D. Trump ! I agree!
Great to hear! My wife is at right now and loving her room. Top notch
very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues? It will be GREAT!
People please! Although I would support Trump, he will never run for President fact, why would he ever be so stupid!Just wait
classic lettering gives it a good classy feel Thanks.
- We just spent 3 nights , golfed at your Aberdeen Scotland resort and loved everything! Great!
Wishing Trump National Doral Member Lucy Li the best of luck at the Womens U.S. Open. Go Lucy!
I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work! Thanks.
Saturday Night Live
The Trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city. Thank you.
Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline! Thanks!
Sign is looking Great!! Pic attached Thank you.
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign Could it be that Im starting to like Jon Stewart?
Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!Thanks.
Great to hear you on Your honesty is refreshing. Thank you.
incompetence should not be rewarded. You gotta love DT he does call a spade a spade
agreed, St Maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises Shes incompetent.
great job on this week. Always the best radio with the two of you. Thank you.
. has no clue whats going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions. Think Big
. is NYCs only 5 Star , 5 Diamond hotel wa 5 Star , 5 Diamond restaurant
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against herloser!
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. should be ashamed for allowing this.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams.
I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy, just like everything you do. Thank you.
Mexico doesnt respect our border hourly Release USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott?
Manufacturing is now less than 9 of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our countrys factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f2 yrs.
US Army Reserve will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary.
From Fox and Friends interview Trump We should not go back to Iraq
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
The exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on I am honored by the great support.
Ryan tries to portray himself as a young Donald Trump. No one can be Trump. Sorry bud.
May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I wont --General George S. Patton
I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!
I cannot wait for the new season of U R MY FAV TV STAR Thank you.
Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watch on the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!
please stay active on Twitter when you are President! Really cute!
only is America not leading in the world anymore, under Obama America is destabilizing the world , making it dangerous.
Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice ....best show ever!!! Thank you.
Will you PLEASE run for President. We need a REAL LEADER Thanks.
I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold, but classy. Whats wrong with
Mr. Trump. I am a huge fan. I have all of your books and think you are a true genius. When will you run for president sir? Watch!
you know the meaning of class, luxury, and the pursuit of the American dream! Thanks
run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.
Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obamas Incompetence Crippled America.......
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
Being the Donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISNT EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
. Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms , 53 spa guestrooms wgreat views
The exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
Breaking ground shortly, Trump Intl Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur
Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them. Thanks!
Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos! Thank you.
Im on a flight heading to Chicago and Im excited to catch a glimpse of that sign. Great, thanks!
After the pics ive seen, the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago.
Todays show was fantastic! was awesome and the real doll w Eric was priceless.
another amazing and solid appearance from
Love the new sign!
We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list.... Great!
You were great today on Hope you buy the
for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape!
It is perfect! Congratulations on this fantastic job! you.
I was rightTV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People dont want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
Looks Great! night, I saw it Saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too! Great, thanks!
- nicely done, its a magnificent sign. Thank you!
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. Its absolutely...
No one remembers who came in second. Walter Hagen
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
Congratulations to for a successful installation of Trump sign. Really looks great!
. TRUMP CANTORS DEFEAT SHOWS EVERYBODY IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY
Great Interview on Thank you.
Once again, kills on the Trump ticket in 2016! Thanks!
good job on you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show! Thank you.
Loved you on Need to hear your brackets on a daily basis Great, thank you.
The perfect Hawaiian getaway, 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views
loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say. Thank you.
Haha gotta love listening to on .. says exactly what hes thinking lol True, thanks.
needs to call into the more often!!! Thanks.
Trump completes his takeover of Turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. Full story in tomorrows Carrick Gazette Great.
There is never enough Trump on Why not have him on the phone at least once per month? Thanks!
Of all the places Ive stayed in Oahu, Trump International is the best! Thx!
Tower in Chicago is beautiful, the name is the only sign of success theyve had in years... jealousy for sure!
incredible interview on the show. Please please run for President!
Outstanding beautiful building for sure!
Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin sign too
please run for president! Our country needs you to fix this mess!
I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too.
for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape!
I would rather read tweets than hear Obama lie vs
just saw Trump Tower in Chicago. It looks great.
great stuff on Howard today! Now call up Jim Kelly and get that Buffalo Bills deal done!
the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.
everything u touch turns to gold I need to bump into u! Work hard!
trump for president
Couldnt agree more about Seth Meyers He wss not meant for television - very sad!
Your tweets are so entertaining!!! And Pinehurst DID look like cow shit! Dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. Geeeezzzz
I love when comes on. He is so refreshingly honest.
Im a Democrat and Id vote for you in a second. Thanks.
brought up a lot of good points on this morning, I really hope he runs for president
when Donald runs for President he will have my vote! Ill even campaign for him Thanks
Another great appearance by on Hope to catch a replay on the drive home.
on was certainly an entertaining start to my morning. Good!
I dont know, was making a lot of sense this AM great interview
do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found? No, it is not in them!
Geat hearing you on Howard Stern, you should run for President.
Cant believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him and go back,forth is good radio simple as that!
I heard your interview on I enjoyed every second of it. Thanks.
incredible interview on the show. Please please run for President!
I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!! Thanks.
I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real! Thanks.
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. 10 minutes. Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
for president 2016 is the only way to go!
It would be amazing to see run for president. I would vote for him with the quickness.
Its time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
Italian people support for 2016 president.
Donald knows business. Screw politics we need someone who doesnt care about Politics for once.
We need to run for President in 2016!
we want TrumpCare and a president who has proof he is a real American
IM VOTING FOR YOU IN 2016
If you run I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesnt Care.
If can build such a successful business,imagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president! TRUE!
if you were president, how many jobs could you create in 4 years? More than ever before!
We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!
How about you look inside - because truthfully, youre the solution.
Pinehurst Was a great looking dust bowl.
Are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in Iraq? No, due to a weak and incompetent U.S. Govt.
for president! Please mr trump
you sir, you are my idol. Wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you. Work hard.
We need someone like you in Office who knows how to get this country out of debt Easy
Hey what is your view on George Bush? He got us into Iraq instead of making America great again. Not good!
reading Think Big and cant help but wonder why you aint president yet? Well, now is when we most need it
you have the type of business mind we need in office!
dont normally agree with you but it Pinehurst looked like an absolute dump.
People just want to mess with you because youre you. Its your building. F them.
I love the sign! Please lets make a hashtag, that seems like it solves all world problems.
I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great!
I LOVE THE SIGN
the only problem with the sign in are the people complaining about it!
You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl. Thank you, my great honor!
. I read Hes smartest man around, a
playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Cant wait... Bucket list courses! Have fun.
please buy Pinehurst next! And fix it - make it beautiful again!
Beautiful!
I have lived in Chicago my whole life, love the sign. It brings class to the River. Dont know what the big deal is!
Got to see the new Trump letters on Chicago skyscraper. Looks amazing
I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term
Love the Trump in Chicago. Those who dont like it are jealous! Capitalism is where its at! We need more signs like it!
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
went to Doonbeg last year, loved it!
Which one of your books should I read first? The Art of the Deal
along with ...heaven on earth
Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.
These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria , have attacked us on 911.Obamas foreign policy is a disaster
Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyones problem Our leaders are stupid!
I know about the rustic look on golf coursesbut see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphiaa real gem.
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
Choose your own path It doesnt have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that its the right one for you. - Vince Lombardi
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury...
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Congratulations to on their championship. Well-deserved.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of townand the turtleback greens are totally unfair!
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because Im a lover of golfand that look on TV hurts golf badly.
Virginias highest rated wine by is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux , Champagne
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
. Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..I will be running for President.
Get into WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.
Pinehurst is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!
Will be doing Fox , Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
I concur Your children are indeed exemplary grace, , poise well done, , Sir. Thanks.
If Hilary Clinton runs for office. HAS TOO. Or Im moving to canada
I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.
please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.
Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that Ive played. Your courses are the best
Pineworst is a number two alright, a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?
told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course. So true!
Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!
We need Trump 1 in the NFL, 2 in the Oval Office, and 3 on his own reality show. Cute!
DonaldTrump I snapped that when I was in today Donald, your place is looking great!
A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasnt exactly been one of moderation. Donald Trump
I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration! Thanks.
which got more viewers final round of or tweets about the course? Trump!
i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational, Sir. Thank You.
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 Great playing from beginning to end!
course didnt look good in HD just saying No, it looked terrible, bad for golf!
I concur with on Pinehurst. IMO Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.
it was nice of you to give 15 minutes of fame that he wouldnt have had. I agree!
you have made some great courses, but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!
Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10,000 times more successful than you.
Are the commercials filmed at Trump National LA? Yes.
played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.
big time. I love Trump Bedminster
is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with I can beat him in golf even easier!
Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!
Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldnt watch
I completely agree with DT here. Pinehurst looks bad. I wouldnt pay $400 to play if it looked like that.
future British open?
Ive played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course
I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! Ill take the beauty of Pebble any day!
Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses, please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our Country.
Ive played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior. Thank you , true
Matt, you dont understand golf even though you think you do.I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst
I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league
My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be redone
very subdue atmosphere. Not take it away from Kaymer but its like watching paint dry
look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg? True!
please dont let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst. I wont!
they think the course should be old school, you know, like before lawn care technology aka goats!
Id bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
he has a point, fairways should be green. Scruff can be as bad as you want. Wouldnt pay top dollar
Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald! Thanks
Worked restaurant for 33 yrs , got fired because they didnt think I could keep up. No severance! Would u do that? NO WAY!
Its worse for I know I wouldnt pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course.
I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open
couldnt agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!
Big news from Scotland on Turnberry which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away! tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day.
Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work! A great place, thanks.
No one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. But one can! 2016! HappyBirthday!
who cares what it looks like! Pros arent complaining. Yes they are, just ask Bubba , viewers
happy birthday sir! Nothing but respect for what youve accomplished. Thanks.
Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive. Thanks.
Happy Birthday, Mr. you have been a great mentor in my life! Stephen
Happy birthday to the wisest man in the US. Thanks.
Happy birthday to the man we need to lead us in the future. Thank you.
Happy B-Day Mr. Trump, you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! May God Bless You Mr. T!
we need a great leader like to take this country where it belongs
All haten T This was my tweet Watching the Its as if theyre playing on a local community golf course Looks awful
Im with looks like Muni. , until we run out of H2O? Would pay $400 2 play that? No.
Happy birthday to the best businessman in the world Thank you.
Happy Birthday to The Donald It will take men like him to make the USA great again. Thanks.
Built for golf. Not built for TV. That is true because it looks horrible on T.V. SAD!
. Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago , sign PR
Donald Trump gets over $1 million to speak. Tony Blair $600K. Rudy Giuliani $270K. A Greenspan $250K.
I THINK PINEHURST IS UGLY.
Youre the man Mr. Trump! Thanks.
. Have you ever seen Trump NationalBedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
It was my comment not Ive played on nicer par 3 courses than
. Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,awful, was not made by me but tweeted to me
. Its true Matt, the NEW Blue Monster is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry , Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
happy birthday Donald! Thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my idol I hope one day to be as successful as you! Work hard!
Happy to an awesome business icon! Read my first Trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. Thanks.
your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back It can be done.
The world just wont be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House.
Like I said, Trump for President. USA needs a positive change.
you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now. So true!
Happy Birthday to successful businessman and true American success story. He certainly tells it like it is! Thank you.
please run and get America back on its feet. Stay tuned!
Watching the Its as if theyre playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country , oil, and O will say thanks
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isnt even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
Happy birthday to an American icon and a real estate el-supremo... Thanks.
In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great,
Calling the sign ,Trump name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.
your sign on chicago tower looks awesome! Thanks.
Happy Birthday best author, I never get tired of reading think big and the apprentice!
Happy birthday to the best businessman in America! Thank you.
Happy Birthday to I wish you many more success! You are greatness! Thanks.
Happy Birthday to an American icon! Thank you.
I think your sign needs to stay, I think it looks great. Love it..
In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great,
just looked at the sign and it looks great
The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what youve always done and continue to inspire others. Thanks.
LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what youve always done and continue to inspire others.
The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!
Love the Trump signAmazing!!
I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. Its beautiful and its your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!
Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!
Hi can u RT my daughter she died 03052014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx Jodies dad
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
W the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder.
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?
Had a great time yesterday on with , guest host
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue, 5-Star rated rooms have the best views of Chicago
Thank you for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it!
. is Chicagos sole destination showcasing a Five-Star rating for both hotel , restaurant
River North support for Tower sign. Thank you Jeremy, great writing!.
So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!
I love the Trump building in Chicago
If you have a problem with putting Trump on his building, you need to reassess your life. Get. Over. It.
- you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog.
what a shame is wasting money on when we have CPS students in bldgs wo AC
sign is the right size given size of the building.
I like the Trump sign.
Love the sign! Do not cross
love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city
Great Chicago sign. Do not bend to pressure. Right on! I wont, thanks.
We would love a Trump building in Thanks
pumped millions into our Chicago economy. My brother worked on that building for 3yrs. Rahm should thank him!
Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic
TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town! Thank you.
Your sign is absolutely stunning in Chicago! Now only if you could wear a suit , fight crime!
DonaldTrump You built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want.
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq we should never have been there in the first place.
Ill say it -- you are likely the only Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running
new sign looks awesome!!! Congrats!
Would make a great Commander in Chief. True intelligence. Common sense, economy knowledge, leadership.
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you
I know Im a day early for your weekend celebrations-Happy Birthday Donald! Looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 Thanks
will you please run for PRESIDENT. I will
great building. Name looks awesome on it.
you dont like it because Trump is a conservative. How many jobs has Trump created in Chicago
Mr. Trump, I love your sign, it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. Keep up the great style statements.
is a real man of his word, he would help AMERICA.
come home to NYC and put your name on all the buildings you want.
Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!
I dont understand the all the fuss. The building is an exquisite edition to our skyline.
I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! , will this fight cost IL residents
personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!
Im a Liberal but I feel Mayor Emanual has bigger fish to fry in Chi-town than a Trump sign
Your name on your building in Chicago looks awesome!
was completed during recession, when most other projects failed. Trump deserves Chicagos praise
Dopey critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world! A great place!
you sir are a true inspiration to me I thank you. Great, thanks.
With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres! True!
yo that sign gonna be more famous than HOLLYWOOD! I agree!
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls...
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got firedfor the failing likes the building but doesnt like the Trump sign
you are an inspiration to us all. If only you would run for President and sort all this shit out.
Following was one of the best decisions Ive made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $s
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Dont do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
let me make this simple. Run. For. President .
Run, Donald, run!
run for president, you got my vote
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him.
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator?
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sundays Miss USA pageantbeautiful!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter, the White House is now attacking Bergdahls platoon
Must read editorial Child Alien Crisis Obamas Fault, But GOP Wont Pounce
The primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 , won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
The 5-star graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland
Congratulations to on the immediate , tremendous success of his book Special Heart. Already in its third printing!
Wstate of the art Clubhouse , our signature amenities, brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State
wouldnt be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected!
. would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly, I dont think he has the guts to run. A shame. Well see!
The Smartest Businessman, and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!!
Get this liar out of the White House. for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!
he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.
is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq wo having a fully prepared Iraqi Army. Wrong, they could NEVER do it!
for President! Smarter than any man in the USA! I agree, thanks!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
Cant wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president. Our country would thrive!
He sure has my vote! Its time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!
Eric Cantors concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
I really think should run for Whos with me on that nomination?!
Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat!
please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you! Thanks!
No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899.
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen.
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
By far the best hotel ive ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous.
I told you so a long time ago Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning! OIL.
Be sure to watch interview from the
Loved having in town over the weekend for A beautiful city filled with beautiful girls Thanks
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster, is South Miamis top destination
Amateurs... unfortunate but true. True, our leader is clueless!
One of my favorite buildings in Chicago Thanks!
Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan Os foreign policy or lack thereof fails repeatedly.
Mr. Trump please build our Military and take care of our Vets as Commander in Chief This would happen!
There are no friends over there , you can not trust anybody. They where probably set up . Get our boys out
The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump.
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
I was never one who looked at success as bad. For me, success was always good. I loved it, and still do. Donald Trump
Don the lettering looks sharp in Chicago!
Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago! Thank you!
If Donald Trump runs in 2016, I will donate my time to campaign for him. Trump For President!!! We need great leadership!
for president! Thanks!
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. General Douglas MacArthur
Run Donald Run! We need strong, decisive leader wholl make timely decisions, move policy forward , return US 2 prosperity.
This is my nephew Mr trump,he is having chemo again,can you look at this and send a message maybe Tyler, get well soon - WIN!
Flights cancelled. One quick call to Trump Toronto , I was all looked after
. Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
Just heard you on We can count on you to tell it like it is. From a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!
You have to love Tells it like it is - no BS. Arent you tired of all the BS?
Negotiation tip Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after youve honed your skills.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--its another word for innovation.
Negotiation tip View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. General Douglas MacArthur
trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office! Thank you.
Career Advice from Donald Trump via by
Watch the video where is crowned as the 63rd The Crowning Moment!
Via by NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD
Been listening to speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president Thx
Donald, thats a wonderful picture of you and your Dad. You can sense his love and pride in you! Thank you.
Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are So nice, thanks!
when do you sleep? Not much sleep for me!
As a Scot, thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of Scotland. But US needs u in DC.
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
The man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls women are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
If ran for president in 2016,Id totally vote for him.We need a business man to get the economy back on track
Trump for President. You would make a difference. I think youre great. Thank you!
if you were in Washington this country would be in better shape Wow, thank you for caring so much!
about Bush? He lied about Iraq and WMDs. Cost us 4000 lives!!! I agree, I think he was also a terrible President!
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
I would vote for Trump! We need discipline, intelligence, and most of all strength!! He would bring all 3
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders killers and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
The same brilliant negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor are now making trade deals with China , others.No chance
In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for Great!
Would you be aggressive as President? Not aggressive, smart!
Its embarrassing, yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around. A bunch of clueless leaders. True!
You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! I have not heard that one but thanks!
Not on your watch MR. President... 100 true!
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
Thank you for coming to Louisiana , bringing $$$! First with your incredible speech at RLC , now Miss USA! You rock! THANKS!
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!
What a great golf course, excellent job My 1st Scottish golf experience was one to remember. Thanks!
If Washington had type of leaders, this country would be back on top Thank you and true!
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk fool out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
. Thank you Andrew - so correct!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story
Negotiation tip The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
always my role model Thank you.
Thank you to the greatest heroes
Happy 30th Birthday It was great to have be a part of the series.
Only you can during the LIVE telecast of on June 8 at 87c on NBC. Click for more info
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
Learn, know, and show. Its a proven formula. Put it to use starting today. Think Like a Champion
BREAKING NEWS Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California , our gold supply. We get borscht , a bottle of vodka.
A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Fathers Day...
A great Fathers Day gifta stay at my 5 star hotel along with items from my signature collection
Reading s Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book. Thanks, good luck!
i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs for president. He knows the real deal!
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban, but cant make a deal with congress.
He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
Amazing view of
Trump Collections summer line, exclusively available is the pinnacle of style , prestige. Dress your best!
. has a wonderful new book and its proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Congratulations to on her impressive primary win last night. Now all should unite , defeat Bruce Braley this November
is not afraid to tell the truth , stand up for what he thinks is right Thank you
All Mr. is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets. Thank you.
speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right. I guess so, thanks!
Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama. is the ideal candidate for this countrys restoration Thx.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but cant make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
US trade deficit hit $64B in April, 2 yr record high We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home!
. 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas wprivate air-conditioned cabanas , a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it! Thanks, I agree!
will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA Yes!
I hope we never find life on other planets because theres no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. True!
If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic. - Think Like a Billionaire
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
. Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
If youre interested in balancing work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable. - Donald Trump
Rapidly failing magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obamas brilliant 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
The entrepreneurs ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit. Midas Touch
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted ht
The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that. Midas Touch
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Moving forward ftonights competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Party , remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
I want you Mr. Trump as the president Well, wed better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast.
looks awesome mr t. Thank you.
Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC, Mr. Trump! Great speech! We need real leadership in America! Thank you.
Its a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game. Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on 2014 Competition will be a tremendous event
Obamas war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies , creating a great business disadvantage.
Be sure to buy this months magazine. Read A Trump Card, my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. Thats how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions
Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl.
That the Obama administration didnt know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Enjoyed seeing you on You should run for President! You would get this great country going again!
If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican, the people will vote for you!
Looking forward seeing on tonight. Has my vote as the next Thanks.
Great showguest tonight! Thank you!
A good violently executed now is better than a perfect next week. - General George S. Patton
Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. Id vote 4 u
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum going! Its a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive , stay strong!
is the visionary with the midas touch. America, Good times are on their way... Thanks.
nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done. Thanks and true.
Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things the way they are. Love his segments. Great, thx.
I give a lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible. Thanks sort of!
. just got firedthe people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
Another Obama disaster-
was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir!
Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! Make America great again!
all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility. Thanks.
is the right man for the job
. That wouldnt be hard to do. True!
2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you, please run
Donald for President! Thanks.
I hope runs for ratings for debate nights would blow right out of the water!
if you run...it will be the first time I vote
The tower is crazy. Absolutely in love.
You are an inspiration to me and my friends,
We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems.
running the US is much like running a business, who better at that than The Donald?
Im not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy
my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
Trump boldy calls out problems,then offers solutions , opinions that excite the electorate, just like Reagan!
Your ties are amazing. Thanks.
How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make in New York, you can make it anywhere
I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country
So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?
Ur biid 4 Prez n 2016 would make U.S top economic superpower, encourage r allies, slow or stop r enemies.
President Trump would have America walking proudly, talking loudly, carrying big stick n foreign policy again.
A successful bid would restore American exceptionalism, entrepreneurship, and leadership.
for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction.
Donald please run
watching your c-span special from the other day, I cant get enough of it!!!!!!! Thank you!
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
you need to run for president like right now mister trump
If you dont run in 2016..... Im moving to Canada..... Please help us Mr. Trump Dont move so fast!
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows youre the only man who can do it! True
not long, Obama plays with our emotions knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. Stupid man!
run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart.
Trump 2016! We need someone who not only wants to Change this country but can change this country. Thanks.
when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?
wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?
Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership
Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it bc our idiot president will give them what they want.
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
Run for president! We need a leader, not a politician! So true!
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
If you run for president I will absolutely vote for you and so will my familyfriends! Great!
That is for sure !! Congrats on your appearance at in New Orleans TRUMP 2016 Thanks.
worked there once. Stayed there too. It was a dream both times!
Great man doing great things Thank you.
I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!
i hope my children are just like you So nice, thanks.
do you ever sleep? I see timelines from you at 3-5am? Not much!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic. Thank you.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. -
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back , face justice.
MUST READ via VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals
. The Spa offers 5 star services w 12 treatment rooms , 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
The Dunes of are a world treasure threading thru Scotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course
My speech to on Tuesday at the on the topic of building a business brand via
one beautiful course Thank you.
Via by Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster
Today at 130PM CT I will be addressing in New Orleans Will focus on how to fix our great country.
should run for president. Thank you!
Here I am with and
A Trump Makeover for Washingtons Old Post Office Bringing a touch of class back to DC - well done! Thx
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
even after making billions, what keeps you motivated? If you have passion for your work, you will be motivated
Entrepreneurs Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if youre prepared.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
My speech to yesterday at the on the topic of building a business brand via
Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away. - Think Like a Champion
. The Spa offers 5 star services w 12 treatment rooms , 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline
Great story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel-
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. Pres. Abraham Lincoln
BRILLIANT! Thank you!
should be the next president Thanks.
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category.
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan, our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chiefs name. Unsafe disaster!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. Edison
Winners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi
Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement. - Think Like a Champion
Featuring private living spaces, oversized bathrooms , stunning views, downtown NYCs premiere hotel
If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize, forgive them and move on, but never trust them again. by
if u dont run for prez I hope u r tapped for VP or Fed reserve chair or anything. Thanks.
When is Mr. due back? The last two weeks without him on Mondays has scarred me. MONDAY!
We need you to run for president, big guy. The Dems , Reps are simply incapable of fixing the country.
If Donald doesnt run, the US will never regain its world super-power status True!
run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you Thank you, nice!
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
I agree mr trump. I am a veteran and cant stand what is happening
Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man , So Intelligent , Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.
run Mr. Trump...please we need you!
RED in 2014 , 2016 , remove these inept clowns , party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
just started my business and everyday I tell myself Very nice, thanks!
My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today , found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them! THANKS LAUREN!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets. True!
That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing, I wish I was as lucky as he was, have a great day! THANKS!
. A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
. - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who dont want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for president And so do many others - our country is a mess!
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay, offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B , many still do not work One of the greatest fiascos in modern history!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Terrible for the economy , middle class, gas has now been over $3gallon for a record 1,245 days FRACK NOW , FAST!
Remember our brave men , women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Very excited to be addressing the next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Obamas wind turbines kill 13-39 million birds and bats every year! Save our bald eagles, symbol of our nation!
Congrats to on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
Via by sues for violating 1st Amendment
take a shot at buying the and keeping them in WNY!
Exclusive Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai via by
Via by Trump effect will see Dubai properties rise 50
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. -Donald Trump
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Dont ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Great to see getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman, a friend, a genius. Thank you!
Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative, tenacious , loves his work.
Mike Leachs lessons, his takeaways from Geronimos life are fascinating , useful whether in boardroom or locker room
Thx, and from a better quotation source You miss 100 of the shots you dont take. -- Wayne Gretzky
what books should I read for business? Particularly by you Start with The Art of the Deal.
beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another. Thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place.
Hi Donald, I thought you may like to see a photo of Turnberry Lighthouse I took last year Beautiful!
did someone say Loved your winery in VA, brought a case back to Pottstown PA! Great!
saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!! Thanks.
Really hoping I magically run into in New York City this weekend!! Hes an inspiration! Thank you.
All I want for Christmas is for to buy the
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
Your seminars, books, shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you THINK BIG! Great!
thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. Trump Good luck!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them. -- Anonymous
Persistence is a key for success. Dont give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
been self-employed since I was 18. You , The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you. Great!
Entrepreneurs Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses , hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best. Will be great
Visited Trump International Scotland yesterday, amazing golf course. Thanks.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Going now to make a major speech before some of the worlds biggest investors in Dubai!
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
We have hope. We still have Mr. Trump! Thank you!
Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- shes being cut to 30 hrs due to been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed Very sad!
10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash and no hope!
Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!
Poll New Yorkers Prefer Donald Trump And Liam Neeson Over of Bill de Blasio
Entrepreneurs See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what theyre talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
With and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai.
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle.
You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success. Think Like a Champion
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean , strong. In U.S., everything is falling apart!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isnt - SAD!
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. Donald Trump
You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful Interesting!
COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP
Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.
- Ireland, Scotland, Dubai! Do you ever sleep? Not much!
We wont unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul.
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
I am in Dubai with Damac. PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wifes sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry Scotland and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
Cant you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?! Thanks and true.
If it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run Donald, then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet.
Love that is moving into just checked out the presentation centre, super cool!
Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!
Yep, the man we need running the country. Thanks!
Thanks Ronan, see you there!
Great to hear that T just purchased Doonbeg. Exactly what Golf in Ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy.
Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? HispanicsLatinos love Trump! AND I LOVE THEM!
One week from today, we open our amazing pool Thank you GOOD LUCK ERIC Q!
Without a doubt but the public is too dumb Actually, I dont think so. They know U.S. needs help , leadership
I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office, now.
run for president please! Thanks.
&lt,-- this guy needs to run for president! Knowledge is power. Thanks!
So many people post hateful messages to yet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? No, losers!
NobamaCare wont work, never will work and cant work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people , economy!
Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run, Donald. It can be done - thanks.
LOL is seriously the man. Run for president PLEASE Our next President must be GREAT, thats me. Thanks
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox , Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!
Fantastic to meet yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in Aberdeen.
Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle. Thank you
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. - Joe Montana
One of the best Business Firm , Family. What a combination. Amazing. Thank you.
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump Know everything you can about what youre doing.
Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback via by
One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort, great history, now a great owner. Congrats! Thanks.
Hope youve enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment Thank you.
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump Trust in God and be true to yourself.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people arent used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Via Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Art of The Deal just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.. Thanks, enjoy.
Dont wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances. Think Big
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time right here
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. Think Like a Billionaire
I am delighted that you are getting to experience Doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visit It was fantastic, thx.
Trump has done it again - excellence, elegance, , excitement. Brilliant news for Ireland. County Clare is buzzing Thanks!
DAMAC Properties Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip! Thank you!
beautiful hotel, great staff, wonderful location , County Clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions Fantastic place!
Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Irelands golf courses Thank you.
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry , Trump Intl Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai a great company.
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links , Hotel -- absolutely magnificent.
Photo from of Trump International Golf Links , Hotel, Ireland
If you cant handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus , Stay Positive.
welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling on my home soil! Thank you!
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring Im truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family , organization
beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip Thank you.
Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in Enjoy your stay in Clare Thank you.
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w ocean views , top restaurants, is Honolulus premier hotel
Hey, Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster at or Bothgreat reviews
BLT Steak excellent service, staff, chefs, manager, wonderful dining in Honolulu. Thanks
will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! -
Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer 10of earnings to protect your interests
Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
is one of the most successful businessman in America. Hes decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan
Negotiation tip The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
Rosie ODonnell just said she felt shame at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
Via by Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away
Obama told his donors this past week public opinion is on his side. Dont believe that one either.
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than theyre being formed New leadership now!
Must read f weeklystandard by Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.
Home of the 2022 Trump Natl Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio
DennisThank you for being honest. Somebody put words in your mouth , you wouldnt take it. Great!
A rare case where the U.S. should help-
A message for Hollywood-
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison
Please run for president.We need your help. Get in there and fire those Aholes.Your a legend business man and love America
now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!! Thanks.
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good and exciting to watch.
Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
Very Smart Man. Id Vote 4 U MR. TRUMP. Thanks
You were completely right as always! Thanks.
Just did my final presentation wearing tie. Definitely increased my grade.
Who goes first? Tell us......quick. .Clowney
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
No matter how good you get you can always get better and thats the exciting part. -
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - Midas Touch
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Young entrepreneurs Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win , gain confidence.
If its worth doing, its worth fighting for. Youll have lots of people , obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.Midas Touch
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. - Phil Mickelson
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan, but u need to seriously announce your Candidacy! Will you? WATCH!
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs delusional when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.
If you want to be the best, youd better be the best in all aspects of business. - Think Like a Billionaire
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up , Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing climate change warnings.
Great decision by in placing as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to on winning Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Designed by New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends
For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned. High quality and very appealing Thanks.
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes the old days were better.
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
Aside from having no ratings, sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing. Donald Trump
America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!
great to one of the best americans! follows u always !
should run for president! What a great vote to make! Thank you.
This guy cant do a simple interviewsaw him the other night stumbling , mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way. Think Like a Champion
You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. Ill pick you as a winner in any race! Thx
Over 90 of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on Aprils job report. Over 800,000 left the work force waverage hourly wages , weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think youd be great True , thx
Celebrated for its room views by soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City
With the worlds top amenities, luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle
would take this country in the right direction.
You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez!
Simple as that
You make this country great , inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story. Thank you Beth
We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! Youve got my vote!
Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course.
I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!
Bring the honesty to the White House. Even thinks you should!
Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President,, that would so awesome....
Conservatives cant afford to be sidelined again, they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!
Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs you Thank you, or country can be great again!
I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day! Thanks.
Trump for PRESIDENT!!
your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself! Thank you.
you are the president we need!! Thanks
the only thing we need Is you too run!! We can be great again.
you are my hero So nice, thanks.
spot on about the media! Honestly, just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect! Thanks.
YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION. Thank you!
Mr. Trump, plaza take your daughters advice!
Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!
wonderful ideals on . We need a phenomenal president like you!
Donald run please you can fix this mess
RUN, DONALD, RUN!!!!
I will be doing Fox , Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
Gabriela Isler Gabriela is doing a great job!
Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
The reporter that called Kevin Durant Mr. Unreliable should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called journalists can make up lies and get away with it
Donald Trump was unfairly convicted. He didnt kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.
Yoo and Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump money Not good
Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
. AWESOME to read!! I told you that - great piece in recognizing impact on
RT Does realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?
RT Circulation record low. Spy Mag also failed under Graydon. Magazine
I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president
Donald loves the game, is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece.
Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains
Meyers is hard to watch
Like it or not, the new Master of the Golf Universe is Donald Trump. Wow, thank you Ron!
Donald Trump buys Turnberry via Great job on Apprentice Natalie.
nbc relies too much on an out of touch Lorne Michaels
remember how awkward Chevy Chase was on his short lived talk show? But he was better than
Give him time! You grew into .. Gotta get into your groove
America needs Donald Trump, lets put our country back on top in 2016!!
Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls. Why, hes a total loser!
Seth should just play the best of Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia. So true!
You should run for President in 2016 and have as your running mate. Cute!
I know mine for 2016 and youve my vote Please get our Country back where it belongs. Please!!! Thanks.
. Seth cant help it - he is really trying hard but just doesnt have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!
Say what you will about Trump, but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses! True, the best in the world
on our way to Trump International Las Vegas! Its our favorite place to stay! Thanks.
At Military Academy- second from left.
As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place , role for members in future? Absolutely! See u there
Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th May Me too.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- Albert Einstein
A feature on the progress of the course Intl Club will feature on Thurs 8 May 2014 0930 , 1630 GMT
Cant wait for 2016 So tired of this weak Adm policy at home n foreign even worse. America deserves better we can do better True!
love the confidence that has. Thats what makes a great leader Thank you
You bought Turnberry? You own 2 best courses resorts in Scotland World now! Youre a legend! Get a Kilt now! Ill have to!
CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought no he doesnt! CNN lied!
Congrats on purchase of iconic Turnberry.Great course , a special place for me. 1986 Thx Greg, our great winner!
Congratulations on your acquisition of Turnberry Resort. Spectacular place. Fond memories. My best. GP Thanks Gary!
both headed to Trump courses via
I plan on becoming just as successful and big as in business. Great--work hard!
I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president Probably true!
and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring exchange temps! Good question. ?
Via by Donald Trump Buys Four-Time British Golf Course
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. Its best to have your concessions predetermined
Negotiations 101 The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
If anyone can turn around this country and create jobs its It will not even be difficult.
If I dont see in office in the next decade, I am moving costal and never returning. We need a leader.
Please support our campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with RT
With circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama Chinas greatest asset!
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care , loss of jobs but now .1 Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Will be doing interview on at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship , Senior PGA etc.
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
way to destroy a view...
thanks Donald! Turnberry will be better than ever!
Offensive to , Windfarms Via
I still believe you would have beaten Obama LMAO I do also!
please run for president! We need a competent leader, so I can find a job after college!
. to create US$200m hotel , spa in The Old Post Office, Washington DC
Loved my engagement lunch at GREAT!
Turnberry. Thanks Donald Trump for giving us a reason to show it.
Forget Jack and Arnie, Tiger and Phil. The Master of the Golf Universe is now Donald Trump. Wow!
Via US property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, at Trump DC , at Trump Bedminster
Announced w that we will bring to , to Trump Bedminster
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. - Arnold Palmer
I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum! Thanks.
- The Donald gets his mens major 2022 PGA going to Trump Bedminster Will be amazing!
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
Im glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice.
I saw your interview yesterday , agree 100. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.
Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics!
Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?
i think Donald trump should run for president Thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big. Donald Trump
Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?
My 666th tweet goes out to you are the man sir Great!
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
looks like needs to call in to the Two of Howards all time top 5.
The premier landmark in midtown NYC, Trump Tower features our signature amenities wa magnificent waterfall
They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair True.
, to Announce Major Golf News at news conference on Thursday, May 1 - 11 a.m. ET. at Trump Tower Stay tuned!
. Happy Birthday Jamie!
I dont agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda Thx--true
I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview. So did I!
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is my interview-
Dopey should force her reporters to be accurateif she has that power.
Its important to listen to what people say. Horrible and disgusting are the words I used in response to Sterlings comments.
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
are you running for President? You should. Thank you.
Donald J. Trump, my biggest inspirational in life. Thank you.
im a autism mom my son loves you bunches Great--say hi to him!
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
Young Entrepeneurs Think Big, Stay Motivated , Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCares 21 new 2014 taxes? Its Obamas special gift added on to your rising premium.
Obamas 2014 budget eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue He loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already.
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Watch this amazing ad from and learn the signs...
. Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments
Great job on Fox and Friends ! Thanks.
I will be doing Fox , Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling Clippers MESS!
Passion is the start, confidence, vision , focus are the steps, , resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success.
Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box.
Donald Trump will forever be Mac Millers best song. True - he will never have another one to compete!
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He cant lead!
Isnt it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others.
is the worlds greatest developer. Hes the Rockefeller of this generation. Thank you!
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, , vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list , youre off to a good start
The only Five-Star , hotel in NYC, is the definition of luxury The Best!
Love inspirational, awesome businessman, teacher, , great role model for all generations Thank you.
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we cant make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
of course we have cards. Unfortunately we also have a community organizer, not a seasoned businessman as president!
speaks the truth
for president!
Without passion, you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. - Donald Trump SO TRUE!
Ex-Cowboys RB Herschel Walker Like Jerry Jones, Donald Trump would be a great NFL owner.
is always right when it comes to political views!! Pro Trump
sir, our country could be great once more with you as President. Youre hired! Thanks!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
Thanks-Im really looking forward to it. You have a beautiful course!
People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........
please buy the Bills
Im a lifelong Bills fan. Please save this franchise! Were ready to win!
As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City.
Worry destroys focus. Think Big
Once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up. Think Like a Billionaire
Get to know yourself.You cant improve upon something you dont understand.The more you ask, the better youll know. Vince Lombardi
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment by CBO whos sticking w 6 million enrollments
Thank you for naming the golf course in Miami
Wa newly expanded 27 holes of golfing, Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FLs course
I still have articles from following some of your 80s moves , the Trump game... I was the original apprentice! Great!
This is what you have done, its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! Nice!
Idiots! Thats who negotiates. Cmon Trump..America needs you! Thanks.
I wish would run for President, I think he would be a great one. Thank you.
Hey is hosting Golf Classic on 519 benefiting Rusty will have a great day!
The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true. Nice!
not at all! the hassle you are gettinghave had is truly disgraceful Thanks, but it is working out great!
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite , told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!
please buy the bills nflcommish
u afraid of getting Always have been!
Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing Ive ever done for myself. Inspired by Great.
Mr. T, pls buy the and turn it around for the truth! These lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin.
i love when tweets
It was great to see you - say hi to all!
Im not afraid of failing. I dont like to fail. I hate to fail. But Im not afraid of it. -
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger. - Think Big
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be readjusted by the White House at an opportune time, probably after 14 election
Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets, awesome example of planning and scheduling! Thanks.
whats wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish. Thanks and true!
Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on The Art of the Deal! Always admired you. Thanks.
love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick. True.
The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise , NFL.
i love Trump because he actually says whats on his mind, not what the people want to hear. thats why hes a leader Thanks
Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one. Thanks James!
A truly great course. Best I have played in Scotland. Thank you.
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from and My choice? Citizen Kane
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily. - Think Like a Billionaire
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes
celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, youre damn good at all three
I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills!
President Trump, now that would make Putin wet himself!
Mr. Trump if you ran the country whats the thing youd put in place to improve matters in the United States? JOBS!
you would make an amazing president! Thanks.
would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the
and a better TV show. You make great TV Mr Trump Thanks.
needs a true businessman to run this nation. You. I agree, thanks!
your the greatest man on earth So nice, thank you!
you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark Cuban I also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
I just want to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club nflcommish
youd be a great president Mr.Trump Thank you, the World would no longer look at us as fools!
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise It was my honor!
Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping , bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016? Just watch!
Please make this happen !!!
needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent , knows what hes doing.
. Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
Vote Donald for President 2016. Thanks.
Word on the street is and are both on is that true? YES!
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DONT MAKE!
Trump Bedminster is truly special. But then again all of Trumps courses are ! Thank you Ann Marie!
All eyes on press conference for 99th Met Open at spectacular Trump Bedminster! See you there B!
You measure your people and you take action on those that dont measure up. -
China is closing a massive oil deal w Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict Smart, unlike our leaders.
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 911. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Rep. Stephen Lynch D-Ma said, Theres all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..its going to hit the fan re ObamaCare.
Last Thursday Obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term The next day he again stopped Keystone
Congratulations to on yesterdays successful and safe The entire country is proud.
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where theres a will, theres a win. Think positively!
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. Youll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. - Midas Touch
With two champion style courses graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River
Fifth Avenues most iconic building, features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium
Im not even a fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans Trump owned
If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad
The brand is based on success and being a winner. Just what the need!
would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Lets do this! Go Bills!
Sir, Ive always respected you. I was born , raised in Buffalo , would love you as owner of the
my son would be ecstatic!! Bills fan from 5 years old!
would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team
He IS a damn good businessman and a wise investor. Id say hed run a great team.
First rule of success, a great big ego! Still love you Mr Trump and CANNOT wait for Celebrity
you are a God !!! Of real estate A great compliment and true - thanks!
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil or at least some of it. Now Iran , China get it
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq I told you so is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - Margaret Thatcher
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Obama told Medvedev after the 12 reelect, he would have more flexibility. It was music to Putins ears.
The biggest winner of Obamas 08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, should remain in Buffalo.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. - Think Like a Champion
. Club of the Year, Trump Natl Bedminster is NJs top family country club with two award winning courses
Just finished another week of filming This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region via by Musaid Al-Zayani
I liked but the more u tweet, the more I love you man.
If you buy the team it would win the superbowl!
You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills , kept them in WNY.
please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great I agree!
My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great! True!
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was not political - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
been watching YouTube videos on , all day. Feeling really inspired.Great
I will be doing Fox , Friends at 7 15 minutes. Enjoy it and your day!
Youre so successful , admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children! Thanks!
I detest with a passion! And for good reason, she is a complete phoney!
Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldnt somebody check her green card if that even matters anymore?
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I dont know everything. Donald Trump
When will we see you again in Soon!
Donald Trump is a leader and savvy businessman, two qualities we lack and desperately need in DC. Thank you, HAPPY EASTER!
Uwere right,the Chinese respect smart ppl like urself,but they and evry1 laughs Obama.Plz run in 16 youre STRONG
furious with MSNBC Why dont they just hire Donald Trump and be done with it? And their ratings would go way up, and fast!
The needs the Happy Easter!
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government guess who?.
Go Donald! I am with you! Thanks.
and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy.
When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it! Soon!
nah, hell get old, but hell age like fine wine. Wow, nice!
Obama is a horrible leader, cant get anyone to agree on anything. I believe trump is for real Thank you.
Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado, Ft Knox etc. I doubt it, sadly!
You see what youve gone and done, Im rooting for
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
No matter what the occasion, you always feel confident in a button down Great, good luck.
I read your article, and reread the old one. as usual! So colorful! Thank you!
Mr. Trump, please buy our precious with Jim Kelly. You two know what the team means to Love it!
Buffalo has one great Donald Trump - Doctor at Roswell Park Cancer Institute - We need another !
Donald Trump will never ever get old. Ever. Wow, what a nice thing to say!
Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team,fans!
I completely agree. I think would be an excellent owner and wouldnt accept losing!
You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there!
The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!
If buys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years.
Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if was the new owner. True.
! explains perfectly.
The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump, you have 100of my support!
Best customer service at the trump hotel
Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo.
I would vote as president!
where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients? I wish I could!
time to get businessmen in DC instead of politicians. Trump for Pres!
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
I recently heard you talked and acted like a Billionaire, before you became a Billioanire. Interesting.
You owe it to this country Go for it You can fix it I definitely can!
when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links No wind turbines.
I own a few DT ties from Macys, best ties I ever purchased...good stuff!! Thanks.
Why arent you one of the sharks on You would be awesome on there!! But The Apprentice is much better!
An Aussie such an amazing place. Well done , happy Easter
Putin May be smart but he doesnt have the Art of the Deal!
Moscows bully is no match for Brooklyns finest. Trump by TKO, any day.
I have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties I own that cost $125. At Macys, great.
youve got my vote for anything. Im ready to go to work! Thank you.
Id love to see you up against Putin. Itd be quite a match! I would win!
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
Everyone I know in western New York wants to be the Bills next owner.
Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team, but for the city of Buffalo!
thanx DJT, ua my inspiration! Happy holidays
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
RT Stunning hotel! Trump International Hotel , Tower Chicago.
in love with your hotel Toronto location
Ill be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success.
as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team.
for president, the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff.
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
A very happy, blessed Easter to you, Mr. Trump. Thank you, and you also!
First night in hotel in Doonbeg. Great location, accommodation and food. I think Donald is onto a winner.
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate dealsoon to be announced. Happy Easter andor Holiday to all.
As much as Buffalo respected , loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement , prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills.
congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida Thank you.
My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech. Great!
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still ama wonderful actress.
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March FRACK NOW
ObamaCare enrollment lie Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts
The West Coasts most luxurious public course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation , then remove sanctions?
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender. - Head Coach Marv Levy
Remember, if you dont sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends , the business community hears about your success.
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills
you buying would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them ,
buy the we need proven success.
If buys the and keeps them in Buffalo hell become a legend.
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely! Thank you!
RT The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
WrestleMania 23
Always fun to read the investigative piece re his mascara and more!
Im all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald, Trump the competition.
you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much.
we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady! So true!
Ive really come to like - probably best He was smart and tough!
If buys the please dont take them out of Buffalo! I wont.
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
My speech from last Saturdays via
My interview w
Via BY brings charity golf playoffs toTrump NatlBedminster
Entrepreneurs Ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check ifwhen hard times hit.
Keep the Bills in Buffalo. can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!
The price of greatness is responsibility. -- Winston Churchill
Id Love Donald Trump to buy the and Also run for Our President! Deal Win! Thx.
if Trump is serious about buying the , keeping them in Buffalo, sign me up. Hes a game-changer. Thx
Donald, why dont you go out to Nevada , cut a deal for No one is a better deal maker than you. Go do it! True!
Trump 2016!!! Rocked it on Thank you.
Great interview on Thank you.
Id rather run for president than buy our football team. Interesting point!
If does buy the Buffalo Bills, they could become a winning team in the near future Thanks.
The best thing that could happen to New York sports is buying the bills Thanks.
Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago! The view from the bar is incredible!! Thank you.
Intl course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe the best Ive ever worn. Thats awesome. Thx
Entrepreneurs Have your own vision and stick with it. Dont be afraid to be unique. Dont tread water--get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
I pick the best locations- has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman.
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. - Think Like a Billionaire
My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true. - Captain Derek Jeter
Obama has changed the Census so it will be difficult to measure the effects of OCare REAL data hidden
In Hudson Valley course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens , 64 strategic sand bunkers
Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not smart? Great point, and also, thank you Peter!
Thank you!
yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you 4 a life changing event
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. -
Dont toss off your problems, and dont dwell on them either. Deal with them! Think Like a Champion
Get Snowden back from Russiahe has done tremendous damage to the US , should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, dont forget they still have Snowden, who has given them , everyone massive US secrets.
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and dont settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace! True!
NYCs sole hammam, The Spa at offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals faround the world
Im convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.--Steve Jobs
just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!! Thanks!
Thanks for hosting our 521 Presidents Dinner honoring Founder Fr. Joseph Fessio ,
love your ties!!
Via BY Bill Smith GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful
Summers almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available
I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance, that I cant use. Was given ONE choice.
Oscar Pistorious, the blade runner, is as guilty as O.J. I wonder if the result will be the same?
have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind turbines dotting Scotland.
. - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!
RT VIDEO at on
This book im reading by is truly inspiring. Thank you.
Why??? Do you know how difficult storingharnessing wind generated energy is? Impossible.
no dont buy the Buy the we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!
I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!! Thank you!
Donald, you need to promote the GILC, it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!
Al Sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote. Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
Obama lied when he said you can keep your plan, so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Via by TRUMP I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE
My interview with WMURs at
Big thanks to , for hosting me at Will be back to the Granite State soon!
On the shores of Lake Norman, presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. -- Winston Churchill
Thanks. Im rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on Thanks.
Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though..
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. -- Winston Churchill
The people of Ireland are very smartthey just killed an ugly windfarm which wouldve hurt tourism
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Will be doing Fox , Friends at 7 A.M. 1 hour. ENJOY!
. Great playing at the Masters and dont get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
ICYMI Fantastic commercial feat. , Thanks ,
. What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
I would vote for him Watch Eric Bolling this morning on Fox
I look up to him as he is my idol Thank you!
run Mr. Trump run!! Get this country back on track.
are you considering running Mr Trump? YES!
Show me someone without an ego, and Ill show you a loser. Donald Trump
for president! Only man who knows how it actually works in politics! Thank you!
Cant wait to see on tomorrow morning.
Great day at Trump National in Charlotte. You took a good club and made it great. Well done sir.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert Einstein
With Mickey Rooney, and
Its not enough that we do our best, sometimes we have to do whats required. -- Winston Churchill
Sir, your Chicago Hotel is beautiful! Thanks!
Not to mention Melanie would be a beautiful First Lady. I agree!
Agree that you as Pres would be a great change but I dont think this country can be turned around in 8 years It can be done!
PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROM AND CANADA I will try!
Just heard youre bidding on As a buffalo native thank you. My honor.
playing there this weekend Great!
Id love to see you as President. You can turn this country around! Thanks.
I cant wait, have never missed a season. Great!!
Beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at Great course!
Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Donald Trump
wow. just hit 90 million...great moment for
As Ive said before, has all of the qualifications necessary to be Real Americas choice for President of the USA!!!
Negotiation tip The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. -
quote you dont have to be ruthless, you have to be smart.
. Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Congratulations to - I will see you on the show!
Entrepreneurs, keep this in mindGreat spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -- Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field is Chicagos hotel
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth , positive message at this Saturdays Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Into our first week of filming the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
On the stage during the Emmys performing Green Acres with Megan Mullally
had a great stay at Thank you, people love it!
the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you. Great!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
It falls second to in my book , its not near as competitive! So nice, thank you!
Im not a golf fan at all. Id say is one of the greatest shows on Earth.
I am democrat and I would vote for you. Thank you!
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
Youre definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics.
The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense.
I honestly think would fix the mess this country has become. I could and would
I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan , the Founding Fathers did
what I wouldnt give to see you as president. Lets save this sinking ship!
Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly! Yes we do!
Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity , good moral standing!!
Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!
Of all the fellow celebrities youve met, which do you consider to be the most humble? ME!
How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration? A long time, unless I become Pres.
I was!!! Our caddy Mateo understands customer service... Please recognize him Mr Trump Great job Mateo, thanks!
just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!
Run for President in 2016
I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.
Mr Trump, what book should we read second? Never Give Up -- examples of tenacity.
just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliant Thanks.
I have spread out my sons shots over the past 5 years. He is fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September. Great
weve spread out our sons vaccines as well. Hes all set and no ahem came because of it. Great.
Best President during your lifetime? Reagan.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. Arthur Schopenhauer
the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you Thanks
The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! Thanks.
My interview re Jeb Bushs absurd immigration comment , Freedom Summit.
Looking forward to speaking at Saturdays Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads Thanks
even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous Resort! Thanks.
So many people dont understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for childrenjust not in one massive dosespread them out over time.
. you were great on this morning, the Gary Player Villa at is a hot ticket.
Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind. Great--enjoy!
Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first? My first book, The Art of the Deal.
16 and finished all your books. Awesome. Great--good luck!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
In life you dont get what you want, you get what you negotiate Donald Trump
. says he is a member of Dallas National but doesnt play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesnt play?? No talent!
Saw try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- hes got no talent or strength!!!!
Donald, you epitomize what America was and I hope will be again. Hard work and determination equals success. Thank you!
Good luck to everyone playing the this week, watch out for at Doonbeg
Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
Its 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting and hopefully very good deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!
- the Donald has done great all over!!!!! Thank you!
Head Pro Trump LA, waiters,valet parkers,and complete staff and grounds crew all R class acts..better than Pebble BCH !
- the Donald has done great all over!!!!! Thanks.
Team Golf Swing Shirt just played at Trump LA with Padraig Harrington -great conditions , a beautiful course
you done good in L.A. They need to play a PGA tourney here... for real! Thanks!
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing!
I want to work on The Donalds campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy.
Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how its done you already have my vote
Problem is so many of our leaders arent really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before its too late
our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!
Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w shit. Nicely said!
Will be on Fox , Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
Common sense, guts, smarts, proven leader! what this country needs for president! Retweet if you agree
Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. Its nothing but a sign on the side of a hill. Mickey Rooney
So happy for her too, she played super! She is a great player and a great person!
Thanks Xena!
Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red , white! Thanks.
. Great job in winning your first of many majors. We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon. You are right, it has the all-time record!
do you think Bush Jr. was a good President? No, not even close!
If you could do anything to change the world for the better, what would you do? Fire Obama!
What influenced you to go into politics? It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders!
if they had to say yes, who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice? The Pope!
mac miller pay you yet?? 90 million hits and no payment yet, but hes been dead since Donald T!
I may disagree with much of what says, but that doesnt mean I think hes a terrible person. Somewhat nice!
pure does it the best! 1st class service , Ive only been here 30min. Staff is amazing! Thanks.
Haters and losers say I wear a wig I dont, say I went bankrupt I didnt, say Im worth $3.9 billion much more. They know the truth!
why isnt our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure. Very true!
Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red, White and Blue huge flag blowing in the yard of
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldnt let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that hes an asshole?
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
Thanks Kat!
You are the greatest and You can make this nation in the world just as it once was....
Mr. Trump, look into buying the mets from the wilpons. They are failing nyc Very sad!
being rejected by Bud Selig is a good thing A good decision!
mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than Donald Trump I agree - also, in many ways, a total loser!
Successful people work their asses off to make it, only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly.
I love your passion , boundless energy. Its fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal America
The only human i would trust to be president Thanks!
Ive been cheering u on for many moons. But Im afraid YOU dont have the passion to ACTUALLY run in 16 Well see.
you got my vote Mr. Trump.... Great!
u r my role model since i was 18. Now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration.
You should go to Wrestle Manina. Its Good for business. Us Fans want you as President
please run for president, youre the best weve got and i will vote for you in 2016.
Donald you should be President, with Bill OReilly as Vice P. You would both fight for the abused kids.
T, U should replace Dave! You are Funny, Clever, Smart, Handsome,Charismatic, Insightful,Successful..Like He Has A Twin!
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump
6 BILLION $s goes missing from State dept -Wheres the outrage? If u were Prez- theyd find it fast
would bring us back from this mess put us in. True!
Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?! Thank you!
you are the man plain and simple. Thank you, very nice.
why dont u do it Donald trump Just watch!
please do our nation a favor and run for president!! Somebody good better do that, and fast!
Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News. True!
if you hosted the late show you couldnt run for president. That is true!
I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do ! Thanks
I hate what has happened to the once great
cant wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! Excited It will be great!
Hey do you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!
theyve spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane, Donald
was just thinking that! What a boring show! Snooze fest!
I cant believe that would waste time and money with - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
Go for the next President of USA ... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!
the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments, keep up the good work Thank you.
Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care..
In bed with Donald ,- Great quality cc Thanks - from Sorta!
There is only one way to avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. Aristotle
Mr. Trump, your children convinced me you R a class act, standing with the folks in Albany was icing on the cake. Thank You! Thx
Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the Best Have fun!
another great evening at MacLeod House Thank you.
. one of my favorite musicians- in my office.
hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our Entrepreneurship class Work hard and good luck!
Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show Thanks
you know what is great about you. You didnt just chase a dream, you envisioned one. Thank you.
was always funny watching you two banter! That will be missed! I agree!
. Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. Im pushing!
I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! Thank you.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -- Babe Ruth
I cant believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy!
Ask yourself What can I learn today that I didnt know before? Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
I have about 40 of ur ties wouldnt wear anything else You have great taste, thanks.
The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down! Thank you!
please buy Upstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise Thank you.
If Trump became president he would do an amazing job, if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, hed fail. Whats your opinion? I agree!
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.-- Samuel Johnson
I hear the very ungrateful has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country
Entrepreneurs Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs Pay attention to details. If you dont know everything about what youre doing, youll be in for some big surprises.
Entrepreneurs Be cautiously optimistic. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel , Tower Chicago and its exceptional Sixteen restaurant
If everything seems under control, youre just not going fast enough. -- Mario Andretti
I am wearing a trump tie today. It is, by far, my favorite tie. Great - at Macys!
Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 Dec 1st to Mar 31st. Avg temp was 22F
I remember many years ago I hated because the media told me to. I now know hes a true American Thanks.
Im training my employees today wearing a feeling good and powerful! Great!
Today in history WrestleMania 23 I shave hair--highest rated show in WWE history
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.-- Andrew Carnegie
Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest. -- Think Like a Champion
The signature restaurant of is both a Forbes Five-Star , AAA Five-Diamond restaurant
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center
You would make a great President. If anyone can get us out of debt, its you sir. Everything you touch turns to gold. Thanks
Thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for greatness Terrific!
Thank you so much for supporting a larger Galaxy-like iPhone screen. Even with glasses, current one strains. True.
Thank you for building a beautiful hotel in Vegas that I dont have to cover my childrens eyes or my eyes when we enter Thx
Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thank you.
In spite of the hype it is a great hotel, I was there when it opened a few years ago. Thanks.
nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course! Thank you.
Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice! Thanks.
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now? All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
your a respected businessman. Why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. You mean GLOBAL W
Ive read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country! That is perhaps true!
A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pm you are THE REASON we remain at 7pm! Great going Greta.
Wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife. True!
Donald Trump for president! A very wise choice, thanks!
Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans
w you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$, time and other resources.
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!
Because of President Obamas failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin , Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
or Never give up theyre all my favorite though, read them all! Thanks--good luck!
Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience. He would have no chance!
RT RT its he didnt get his show until after he won the True!
RT RT Its why he failed originally and will fail again Its called disloyal!
never give up! Thats how you make it happen. True!
Sorry, couldnt do this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
Sunday nights this Spring just arent the same without How much longer? Shooting now, on in the FALL.
. Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
. Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
I think you would make a great kick butt President!!
Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. Youre the one who can do it. TRUE!
i read your book Think Like a Champion. Im impressed.. It motivated me very much. Thank you.
You are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. Big pharma and big Ag control a lot of misinformation. Great job.
Please keep fighting. Three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution.
As a pediatrician I have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. Thank you for your efforts.
Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. Im gonna pick up a unit. Just cant say no to 5-star living
If u run for president u have my vote Remember that!
If ran for president I would actually go vote for once! Thanks.
Do u have any idea when the new season of will be on? In the FALL - shooting now!
If retweeted me... Id prob cry. Your tweets make my day. Dont cry!
your books inspire me, thanks Great.
WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID TO BRING BACK ARSENIO HALL AFTER The on TRUE
I think if you run youll get a lot of people that wouldnt normally vote.....vote for you Thank you.
or Im moving out of the U.S You sound very smart!
my only concern wTrump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms! Very cute!
Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!
Would you consider running for pres in 2016? That absolutely could happen. Our country needs help fast!
why arent you president yet? A very good question!
It is without a doubt true. Arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered.
One thing about he never sugar coats anything...Im SURE is appreciative, as am I. Thanks John!
. I WAS THERE when said that. More then once by the way. Just saying, it is
its true, he didnt get his show until after he won the apprentice
doesnt mention Apprentice because his ego wont let him. Its why he failed originally and will fail again
The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of peoples careers. Very true!
. - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
. - The only thing you dont mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
for president - its reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
To all haters and losers I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
To all young and old entrepreneurs Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and youll energize others.
The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business. Great!
Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous as all your work. Love the Trump experience Thank you.
Entrepreneurs Believe in yourself. If you dont, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs Another question to ask yourselfWhat am I pretending not to see? There may be great opportunities right around you.
For Entrepreneurs A good question to ask yourself What can I provide that does not yet exist?
i havent read any of your books yet, which one should i start with? The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working. -- Pablo Picasso
SSE slashes offshore wind investmentwants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities
Join and light the world blue on 42. will raise awareness for millions with autism!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
Nice picture Donald. I can see where your great looks come from. Your parents did a great job! Thanks.
indeed she was Mr.T she also looks like she was beautiful person as well Great moms matter they shape who weR Thank you
Both your parents were very nice looking. Great photo! Thank you.
enjoying the Toronto property for my first time. Great service from Shane and Ali. Thank you.
your Trump Hotel in is spectacular. Amazing strip views. Thank you.
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesnt feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
Do you think your book from 2004, How to get rich can still be a gateway to financial success in todays day of age? YES!
thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. Now 3 classes in some schools
You inspire me. Thanks
Someone I know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in Drs office, was autistic after.
words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! Youre the best business man, your tips are precious! Thanks in advance
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DONT HURRY!
the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
when I was a kid, there were 8. Now they give upwards of 31-40. Its an assault on the immune system.
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up! True!
IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!! Wow, thanks!
actually not a rich boy school, NYMA gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth!
Please thank for his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for Joe Paterno.
Love this picture and she was a great beauty! Thanks for the private family picture. Thanks.
Playing aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out Enjoy!
wow wow wow!!!!! Your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like True!
Im sure theyre very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish They were great!
Your parents must have been wonderful people. Thanks for sharing. They were--thanks.
is this ?! Yes.
any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs? Midas Touch is excellent , written for entrepreneurs.
we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man, that is your strength Thank you.
Trump you inspire me to be successful everyday. Great--good luck!
For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father-
Edddie24 Mr. Trump is a real American patriot. You have my vote if you ever ran. Thank you.
I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that Interesting.
. is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
You were 100 on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ... True, now Iran has it.
Ireland Golf Tourism will give a warm Irish welcome. the Lodge at Doonbeg Thanks
Come on DT ... fly in! You must visit stage 6! It will happen--great going.
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you dont make!
Run for Prez Donald!!! Youll be great!! What America needs!!! Save us from this Marxist!!!! Thank you
we need you Thank you.
Please run for President, Mr. Trump! The Republican Party desperately needs someone of your qualifications.
Listen to my interview with at -
Finally theyre filming the celebrity apprentice! Cant wait for the next season Soon!
then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house. Thanks.
trump for office!! Hes a good man! I am?
Its tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. Real leaders lead. Like you Donald!! Please run !! Thank you
How long would Obummer last on The Apprentice Donald? No comment.
I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course Ive ever played. Thank you--so true!
Just left The Building in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional. Thank you.
Donald. He was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for US in couple years too! Thank you.
tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur. Thank you.
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 7 pm easternFOX News Channel
If youre going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchill
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
You have enemies? Good. That means youve stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill Never, never, never give up. ...
If youve looked over the years,Ive been right on virtually every issue from Iraq not going in but if so taking the oil to jobs to China
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target How totally stupid is this guy?
Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque, weak. His delivery is so cautious not to offend, absolutely zero True!
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. -- Benjamin Franklin
Robert Slater, who just passed away, was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed.
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Heres some advice for public speaking Be sincere, be brief, be seated. F.D. Roosevelt
will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.
My understanding is Tim Cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iPhone. True!
You miss 100 of the shots you dont take. -- Wayne Gretzky
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest Watch and see if your question made it in-
you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but Im waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 Thank you
Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca Thx
Ive had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far. Thanks.
When will be back? I miss TVs best reality show! Very soon--shooting now!
Thank you to , Sports Illustrated for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One. Doesnt look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soonlong overdue.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off March.Madness, and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper , survive
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
Great advice from my mother Trust in God and be true to yourself. Mary MacLeod Trump
Great advice from my father Know everything you can about what youre doing. -- Fred C. Trump
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. -- Winston Churchill
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS no more March Madness, and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness basketball!
I dont hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
Were spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and thats OK-but how much are Russia , China spending?
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -- John Wooden
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC, luxury villas situated byTrump Intl Golf Links Dubai
. what is ur favorite plane? Boeing 757 and Citation X.
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
Lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I wont fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
Thats why we need you in 2016.
Its very important that he fills out his March Madness bracket on SportsCenter while Putin takes over eastern Europe
I love Great!
Then you should run for president! I know you could turn this country around. I definitely could fast
they also kill thousands of birds here in CA.
Windmills in western NY State are a complete eyesore. Beautiful views ruined by propellers.
Im voting for to b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!! And we are truly in a mess!
Its almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
. Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
hey. You are so cool and Im voting for you in 2016 Very nice!
This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc.
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next
Thanks Dan
Re Negotiation Know what you want , think about what the other side wants. Know where theyre coming from , do not underestimate them.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collections new line is out --ties, shirts, accessories -- great , going fast!
Business is an art in itself , powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets. -- Midas Touch
man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you! Thank you.
You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir. Thanks.
I just got one of your Ties such a nice brand. Great! Thx
Please stop renovatingcreating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! Cute!
Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life Thanks
Its not that Im so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration Thank you.
The best investment I made, is the one I didnt make Donald Trump Can be very true!
AND YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO.. RUN FOR PRESIDENT. YOU WILL LOVE IT Interesting!
A great sports fan , business man! DT , his son wGeorge , Billy during Spring Training Good memories!
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todays world. -- Think Like a Champion
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. Steve Jobs
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
for president 2016!!!! Economic genius is what we need !!!!!!
You need to become president before world war 3 starts! Do not kid yourself, World War III could happen.
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Todays world needs a real leader. Thank you!
The only reality show worth my time is Thanks
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin
please run for president. America needs you
Hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee Hopeful
only deal should be Presidential Deal....hurry. We need help fast!
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. Im helping him go to Disney, wont you?
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, , some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
Thought your show would never return. What is start date. Start shooting next week!
Join and light the world blue on 42. will raise awareness for millions with autism!
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them. Anonymous
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
I wont be doing Fox , Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
What a fantastic test of championship golf. Congratulations to Team Trump on a superb result all round Best
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best Thanks!
Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender.
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
. As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
While I wont be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
dont run for governor go for the White House!!!
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they havent won a major election in many years.
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They cant unify -SAD!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -- Aristotle
BEST on Mkt! Weve rented these amazing homes forever! Sales too. 2 highest apt rentals 13 Thx Dolly
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again. -- Henry Ford
shuts down NBCs Putin has eaten Obamas lunch Hes a spineless coward.
Putin has eaten Obamas lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. - VERY TRUE!!!
Mr Trump, please consider the presidency rather than NY Gov race. The country is a mess.
Thanks!
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
you are my hero man, keep doing what you are doing. Thank you, I will.
also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented? BOTH!
is in my psychology book from the 90s and still looks the same. Thanks.
You may love you may hate him, but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like Matt Lauer
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -- Benjamin Franklin
you are just smarter and better prepared So true!
Wharton baby!
Mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. It is real sad now...
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions $. They were so dumb!
. officially confirms on this morning-- Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June.
loved you on Today!! Your were great!!! Thank you!
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. USA.
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation
Congratulations to for the two top rentals in 2013!
Wow, the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenueeach one $100,000 per month
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. -- Benjamin Franklin
I love taking lawsuits all the way when Im right. is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
JUST IN A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyers remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
Mr. Trump, just returned from Chicago , staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST
BEN, GET WELL SOON - YOU HAVE MANY FRIENDS!
So excited for tomorrow to head to to tour Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting
You rock....ditch the haters, and keep speaking the truth. They just dont like what they hear!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
I love all of your books very helpful Thanks, good luck!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein
If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. Thats what our country needs. Thanks.
Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope! Thx.
Having role models like and is the best thing in life! They set standards , we can follow Thx.
tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly, is easy to use to book rooms Unlike ObamaCare
going there for my honeymoon in October. Cant wait Great!
Reasons why I love he isnt afraid to speak his mind and call people out True!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday The new lived up to its name Thanks Joe.
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.-- Thomas A. Edison
You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider. I will!
LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!
when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air, so I know it must be soon Shooting in 2 weeks.
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the careers here
The massive Blue Monster is getting rave reviews. I built it in one yearno easy feat!
Ive been watching very little latelythe good news is Im switching over to and
Other worthy people were taken off the list as well. Stupid poll should be canceledno credibility.
The 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. Politics? No wonder ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is the best course Ive ever played
Will be on Fox , Friends at 7 10 minutes. ENJOY!
Not sure what was more impressive today....Tiger Woods making 8 birdies or your golf course.
You guys are Amazing! The 2014 is
The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a Masterpiece - it is Immortal
Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, Ive never seen a great course that was easy!
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
great speech yesterday. TrumpCruz 16 Thank you!
Yep, what a rough day.. I bet loves the leaderboard looking like a U.S. Open.
this man is a very wise man. Hate to say it but its true
My take from speech was better than
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
Congrats to and I really enjoyed being therethe response was so terrific!
Thanks Sasha!
Awesome speech! He tells it like it is! Great speech! Thanks!
Awesome speech! You can watch it here Thank you!
course is beautiful. I played there in 2012.
for president Thank you!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only , standing ovation speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
Of course I dont think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!
Trump International Hotel , Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude, work and luck. -- Think Like a Champion
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todays world. -- Think Like a Champion
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.-- Gary Player
The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience. --Midas Touch
Elite Traveler , the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World
Youre never a loser until you quit trying. -- Mike Ditka
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
The opening of the Villa at trumpdoral
Just read Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for thank you , Robert too! Thank you, good luck!
DAMAC releasing today - Trump Estate in Beauty and Style!
Charlie, sounds good to me!
Thanks Colleen!
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
If youre passionate about your work, you will never give up.
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
. Congrats Mr. Trump on making list of wealthiest in the world. Thanks!
. The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at is , Thanks.
Actually Putin doesnt want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
. Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100 correct!
New York Magazine just named the most influential tweeters in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was after ESPN. Actually, Im easily
Im skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your speech! Any hints on the topic??
, Based on the photos and articles Ive read,Its Beautiful Thank you!
If was president, middle class would make more $. I honestly think he could keep Jobs in America! So true-easy
you did a great job at the Oscars, despite what is saying! Oscars sucked, Ellen off her game!
- Players have been raving about how nice the course is , how much they are looking fwd to it.
. It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best theyve seen!
- Players have been raving about how nice the course is , how much they are looking fwd to it.
Very exciting week for I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
your tweets made my night
Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014
The best ending to the would have been saying Youre Fired
I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump MUCH BETTER!
When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency? We shall see!
Goes to Best tweets of the night.
Thank God its over!
hi Donald genius
thanks for a memorable oscars! No problem.
Ha I didnt have to watch the thanks for keeping me updated
You need to run for President. This country needs you. zip. I know!
What is he reading?
Only 1 solution for the Oscars, Trump as host
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy!
So true. Ellen is a train wreck
is my favorite celebritybusiness man, please run for president we need someone competent So true!
You inspire me to keep going on every day
I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars
is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is, which would be a nice in a president.
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going!
is the man So true!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!
run for president please.
Youve won me over. Great job tonight. Im not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks!
I love how you handle the haters You mean the haters and losers!
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production?
You are the most negative person Ive ever followed. Thank you!
This cannot be the the Academy Awards AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hahahaha Mr. Trump youre epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked!
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night!
is on point with his tweets about the tonight. Hilarious!
Hahaha is killing it with the tweet.
why the fuck do I even follow you? Because youre addicted to genius, asshole!
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly!
best part of so far is reading twitter account I agree!
I dont know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible!
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines.
Do you believe this singing?
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the or the Emmys?
They must be kidding - can this be happening
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad!
I should host the just to shake things up - this is not good!
Just terrible!
Is this boring or is it just me?
but my new trump ties rock!!! Thats true!
Im having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards so far. The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon!
please help a NY 2 yr old boy beat cancer.
If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now
your tweets make my day your awesome Thanks!
TRUMP-PAUL 2016 ?
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship Cadillac. A big week
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer hot
Get in, get it done, get it done right , get out - Donald Trump Actually, told to me by my father, Fred Trump.
Im holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it. Very smart!
Just received my order of brand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market. Thanks!
great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius! Thanks, it was a lot of fun
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question! Thanks.
Most dont know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!
Thank you Trump Charlotte is a beautiful place
thoughts on Ukraine? Plz run for President so we can have real leadership for US!
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
By popularextremely demand, I will be live tweeting the on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
. and his incredible wife did a fabulous movie, see it!
Ill be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
The World is falling apart around us, but we dont have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Obama just stated he didnt take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH - then how the hell did he get into Columbia , Harvard?
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
Lightweight phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the courthes a loser!
Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntleys statements but not white RACISM!
I think the was far too nice to sleazebag Hes got plenty more to worry about!.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
Had a meeting with an ex Trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good , nice you are to employees. So cool.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? - xXx
Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captainpilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!
RT Success tip Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
Congrats to Charles for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
. has never once said that he didnt ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Disappointed the article on did not bring up his dealings w Shirley Huntley.
Experience is not what happens to you, its what you do with what happens to you. -- Aldous Huxley
Success tip Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities , possibilities, , thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Success tip Dont tread water. Get out there and go for it. Theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, its a beginning.
Youre a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS! Thanks.
this looks epic! I need to play this course!! It is great!
Lightweight is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
Wow, NY Observer story about really exposes him as a sleazebag , crook. Hes bad for New York.
Mr Trump,you were created for our generaton Wow!
Great advice. My Dad also a developer always reminded me that were in the problem solving business. So true!
words of wisdom from the pro himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt,3 Great!
Watching a program about private 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautiful Thank you.
I would endorse in a presidential run , would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year.Thx
As a Dutchess County resident, that is the absolute truth! Its a course and facility to be proud of, Mr Trump! Thank you.
Youve done the same thing at Doral Mr. Trump. Congrats Thank you.
Mr Trump its called Envy. Easy as that. But so much $$ is raised for charity.
Love playing the Links in Scotland! GORGEOUS Thank you.
I find myself constantly thinking about MOMENTUM thks to you. Keep giving great advice, we are listening. O.K.
thanks Donald for the biz tips... Really have me feeling like I can go do this!! Great ideas Terrific!
Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline. Thank you.
Im hearing course looks spectacular! Miami is waitin for you!
Just did final purchase on fabulous in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel , Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
To aspiring entrepreneurs Be tenacious. Once youve decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
To aspiring entrepreneurs Be ready for problems. Youll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
To aspiring entrepreneurs Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
To aspiring entrepreneurs Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything youve got into what youre doing--every single day.
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here
Looking forward to meeting you at ... Great!
Congrats on fantastic article--when B writes so nicely about you, it really means something.
is about to be a little more lively, to visit for Republican fundraiser Looking forward to it!
saw this today from a few hundred feet! Very impressive building! Thanks!
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since 39
R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House.
You know, America, whether you like him or not, Trump was 100 correct on this one.
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week! Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article
Entrepreneurs Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs Dont expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes were all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if youre in charge, then be in charge.
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America its balls back!
Will be doing Fox , Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isnt it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.
You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do as much as possible!.
Im one of them. Youd be an excellent president.
Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrow GREAT!
. needs you Donald. If you dont run Im afraid for the future generations.
Hell never run, can you really imagine Trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust? I ve done worse!
I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks! You have my vote
youre seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much. We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
I think you should run for president. So do many others - thanks!
Do you think that very dumb reporterblogger McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
Michael Savage Donald Trump Is The Only Republican That Can Beat Hillary Thank you Michael!
. - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
Best Course in the World
proud to have you 3 on our side ! Thank you.
. Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
If donald trump runs for president I will be beyond happy...if he wins I will be beyond, beyond happy So nice, thanks!
what is the secret behind your success? Good ideas and concepts but, beyond everything, I NEVER QUIT!
for president- and some ignorant fools dont understand I am campaigning for him dead heads--
the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P! True!
If Donald Trump is our next president, America will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. Amen and alleliua True!
Conservative leader Al Cardenas describes as a true patriot.AM Great.
rebar at Trump International Chicago is awesome.
for POTUS 2016 for FLOTUS!! I can tell you with certainty, she would be great!
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. --Washington Irving
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.-- Samuel Johnson
please save this country Mr. Trump, going to take a business genius to clean up Obamas mistakes. You got my vote!
If you run sir you have my vote!!! Thanks.
Youre brilliant! I know, but thanks anyway!
if u run 4 thats the only way Ill vote republican. Pls consider running. Ud be g8t!!!n Thanks
should be president. He could get things DONE. That is so true!
and thats all im going to say! Thanks!
when and if you run, you will be my first president that I vote for in my life!
this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economicsfinances.
looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in tomorrow with my daughters! Great!
if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote !
Mr. Trump, in a nutshell, what is my best course of action to succeed? Great ideas and hard work!
Is apprentice coming back on the air? YES, start shooting in two weeks - SEASON 14!
If you run for POTUS. You will WIN! Just think about that. Thank you.
how do you feel about Kevin OLeary from shark tank? Reminds me of you. But I have much more money , hair
please run for president. This country needs your wisdom. I agree, thanks!
come play Trumps course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You wont be disappointed!
or buy my books, or chocolate, or water, or my clothing line. And make me money, dopey!
Ive been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and Im pretty proud. Great!
. why didnt you just add Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice? A very good point!
. Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!
We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity.
. I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be Fired.
I took a failed club in Dutchess County , made it a great success plus many jobs. should be thankful.
Trump National Hudson Valley is a gorgeous course. Amazing improvements. Thx
. can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--its time.
Individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.-- Vince Lombardi
you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly. Thx
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami.
I dont care how old it is, I will always get so pumped up when I listen to Donald Trump. Really nice sort of?!
I think itd be cool if ran in 2016. Hed get my vote Great!
Id vote for in a heartbeat Thanks.
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
inspires me. Every day. Thank you.
how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up whis bs! True, thx
Actually, I like you!
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord for his incredible , insightful article this weekend on failing , irrelevant
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primarythen go against 3-1 Demsis insane.
Thank you to Matt Boyle for analytical , well written piece on sleazebag blogger , irrelevant
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp in a NY Republican primary 77 to 23. But wont run if party is not unified.
I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes Thanks
Been following you since your book Art of the Deal. Thank you for your words of wisdom , insights Thx.
. Gaming in Miami will be incrediblebest in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
. Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FLtheyre afraid of Miamicant believe their luck!
I read comments that the lights are dimming on gambling in Floridanothing could be worse for the state.
Hey Donald will ur new Irish Golf Course be close to Shannon Airport ? Yes.
welcome to Clare! Thank you!
When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National? March 5th.
. sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am killing all aboard. I said no way!
My friend was fantastic on the this morninga star!
let the haters hate, Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from Great!
Isnt it crazy, Im worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by moron bloggers who cant afford a suit! WILD.
climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.
i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super
did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of and the very dumb Ben Smith.
In aiming at shot its own credibility. Thanks Jeffrey L
Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...
Sadly was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible
I wonder how much money dumb and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a to say Im on top of my game and successful.
why are you not running for president in 2016 Well see what happens!
Ignore them Mr. Trump. Dont waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them. LOSERS!
Ben Smith is that really his last name? of is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didnt want to do?
Amazing story in about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant CONGRATS!
Coming together is a beginning, keeping together is progress, working together is success. -- Henry Ford
Bloggers like McKay Coppins , are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds , speech not reported.
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate site , slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.
A legitimate article about me...
Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didnt cause it. We cannot change it.
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! Welcome! Thank you Sharon!
Its not climate change,its global warming.Dont let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didnt work
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and Pakistan already has them!!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
hope one day well be honoring you on Presidents Day. So nice!
Dont let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox , Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
Your Country needs youDonald Trump Your about the only one in The World, That can get us out of debt! Thank you!
Donald J. Trump If Mr.Trump will not run in 16, Christie is the answer. No BS, no bowing!
The Art Of The Deal by is one of the greatest books ever! Thank you!
Never said it, a total misquote.
Scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power Now this would be GREAT!
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT.
Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!
the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority Scotland.
How come discredited reporter refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
Spectacular! Please keep up the good work Thank you.
my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful place,amazed that all the staff remembered our name
was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??
One of the great places on the planet, and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
Donald trump is still my favorite Mac Miller track Mac has certainly done well with me! How many hits now on Twitter?
Without passion you dont have energy, without energy you have nothing.- Donald Trump
A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesnt understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish , boring Trump hit
RT I never did a days work in my It was all -- Thomas A. Edison
best advice from the best leader
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
I never did a days work in my life. It was all fun. -- Thomas A. Edison
Will you be coming to Doonbeg ?? Yes, very soon.
what the date of celebrity apprentice Im excited to see it Start shooting in 3 weeks.
Valentines Day and wifes 40th this weekend!! Great.
looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the
Please do the same thing for the Whitestone Bridge! Thanks Donald Trump! I will try!
Donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement
Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations Thx.
My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful, but the service is outstanding. Thank you.
When will we know the cast for the next season of Very soon.
Scotlands loss for being short sighted. Wish you every success with the new club. Thank you.
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
hotel looks great, cant wait to build something just as epic Good luck!
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w bird-killing, ugly wind turbines.
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
Hi, Dont know why it took me so long to follow you.Welcome to Ireland looking forward to visit your new Golf Club
is the real deal, he is the man! Thanks!
Excited for true inspiration to many Americans Thank you.
is my role model. One of the best Americans out there. Thank you Mike.
Cant wait for because of I look forward to it also.
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! Ive loved him for years! Thanks!
I definitely agree with really hope you will run for President! Thank you!
congrats on your purchase in Ireland. How do I apply to work there? Write to manager Joseph - good luck!
Donald Trump would be the most ideal President Thank you!
youre one of my idols, from age 15 I read your books, at 18 I started my company. Thanks Great!
Thanks Dan.
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
Our clubhouse facility , suites in Ireland
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs , NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful people!
If Scotland doesnt stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed.
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -- Thomas A. Edison
Dont sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning. -- Think Like a Champion
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election?
Make it special! No better place to celebrate St. Patricks Day in the Windy City than
Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg resort Billionaire says investment shows Irelands economy recovering
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- Ill be there soon.
Trumps Championship Course Opens To Rave Reviews via
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot!
Remember to keep going if you stop, your momentum will stop. Think Big
W views of NYCs skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticuts most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities
Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - Think Like a Champion
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
with Wrestlemania coming up, any chance of renewing your rivalry with Ask Vince!
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam!
I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.
Please Mr. Trump, put on your show He would do great!
looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington ! Say hi to PADRAIG!
True and thanks!
Thanks Kasey!
Doing Fox , Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
Ive been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough
But nobody asked-a great school!
Via by Donald Trump reopens Dorals Blue Monster
46 stories above downtown New York, features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa
Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive. - Think Like a Champion
How does frumpy , little read editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant!
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
Negotiation It is persuasion more than power.
Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn and you will learn. Dont be afraid of mistakes or setbacks. Think Like a Champion
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.-- Steve Jobs
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.-- Benjamin Franklin
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly STUPID things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Realize that an entrepreneurs most important gift to the world is jobs, security, and well-being for others. - Midas Touch
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare Elections have consequences.
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare Job Killer
highest rated wine in VA, uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines
In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Intl Washington DC
Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them. - Think Like a Champion
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--Thomas A. Edison
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster....
Rio de Janeiro joins the in 2016. Its going to be a spectacular hotel!
Chance favors the prepared mind.-- Louis Pasteur
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
The comes to Miami on March 6th when the returns to See you there!
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
Via talks family and business
President Obama should visit Macys and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties.
I cant get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
A great time was had by all at Gary Player Villa opening.
Oh hey I saw bill oreilly at a mets game once with Donald trump will do great today with interview of O!
I wonder if NBC will have interview Donald Trump before the Olympics? Would get GREAT ratings!
Congratulations on your legal victory. Thanks!
i am now a big believer in THINK BIG strategies....
Go to the website for the Judges full decision re Trump University
Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on fox Thank you
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY
The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided, but never hit softly. - Theodore Roosevelt
--tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweight got the news! Saw this coming Thx
Lets see if MSM reports it wthe same fervor they used when they reported the allegation. Thanks
Lets hope the press covers the loss for as they did the false charges! Thanks.
To Jamie DimonI love kicking lightweight ass. Stop settling and fight!
Lightweight just got his ass kicked by Trump!
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight got the news!
Never learned so much from one book, you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant. Thx.
Mr. Trump, its commendable that you have over 2.5 million Follows.... Thank you.
True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump. Thanks.
Article from The Street--The Donalds Trump Card Himself
My day was made when I read that you will be speaking at my first I hope you like it!
Donald wins again with the best brain break tweet Aristotle quote. Thanks and back to work. Thank you.
RIGHT ON! Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. Thanks Dolly!
Looking forward to being hosted by Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Cant wait.
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didnt kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.
Via by mboyle1 EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -- Aristotle
. stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy!
Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable, expandable, predictable, and financeable. Midas Touch
can u please wish me a happy birthday! Im a big fan! Thank you. Happy Birthday.
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. Think Like a Billionaire
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Obama said in his SOTU that global warming is a fact. Sure, about as factual as if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American hotel set to open in 2016
is our future. Only he can turn our country around.
sadly, HBO had no morals and gave that garbage another show BOYCOTT HBO!
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL...... True, and it would be easy!
Remember when comedian Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
.....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary.
Donald Trump for President? That would be so awesome! Nice!
Please Mr.Trump America needs someone like you to help our country. Trump 2016 for President. Thank you!
Success rule-Surround yourself wsuccessful people. Do it with twitter. Follow TrumpSuccess.
been listening to , for years.The interview today is an all-timer, sensational
Timeless Classic. So nice!
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
Press conference at the opening of the Villa at .
With and at the opening of the Villa at
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, , worse care. Job killer!
If you cant say great things about yourself, who do you think will? - Think Like a Champion
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States. -
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, its only business and there will always be another day!
Now the UN is attacking franchise With all the worlds problems, is this really a top priority?
Welcome to the new reality! Moodys just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Thanks to everyone for your support on Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels vv Thanks for voting Trump!
The returns to on March 6th Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
It was great being on in the Morning ESPNtwo great guys, fantastic show!
Mike , Mike in one minute!
I will be on the Mike , Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change global warming bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Cant wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union.
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art , working is art , good business is the best art. A. Warhol
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
Its not that Im so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesnt work?
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune? Very soon!
When? If it was before today, youre good. If you sold it today, not that good... I sold it last week!
I predicted Apples stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Apples iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast as I said long ago! Samsungs size much better.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. Edison
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. Its fatal. Its costly. And its for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistans so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
Tell it like it is Sir. Dont pull any punches. Keep up the good work. I will, thanks!
Will be on Fox , Friends at 7.00 - Enjoy!
Whats obvious to you seems to elude most peoples vision.
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They dont believe it $$$$!
Dont forget. Global warming can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best Thank you!
It all starts at Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
When times are difficult, you must be even more focused. Thats when you will find profitable opportunities.
via WSJ. Wake up before you destroy Scotland.
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for
90 stories over midtown New York, Trump World Towers glass curtain wall is a true landmark
Great day yesterday at unveiling the new Gary Player Villa Gary is a champion and a great guy.
Honored to be named as one of businesss Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels by Vote Trump!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. Albert Einstein
You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. Its important to never give up on yourself. -- Think Like a Champion
Great piece by on my visit to for , Politics , Eggs
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing learn by doing and taking risks.
Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016 Happy Birthday.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife -- a truly great decision by me!
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
Just left what an amazing spot. and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself
I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. -Donald Trump
Youre never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
Hope , Change! China now controls a record number of our debt
Excited for tomorrows Politics , Eggs co-hosted by , Live stream here
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
Whether you think you can or think you cant--youre right. Henry Ford
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 12 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor cont
is the best choice for NY, its time for a real leader in NY again. Thanks.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w major gun violence--really!
Trump Intl is one of the best golf courses I have ever played , that is saying something True, thx
Fox , Friends at 7.00
. YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMP I agree, thanks!
Named my first born son after Hope he lives up to the name! He will be a total winner!
if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in? Many things
is my inspiration to be great Work hard and smart!
I really look up to his work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart
you are the most influential man in the world. And is a close second after tonights game
Im inspired by people all the time. People like my parents, grandparents, and yes, the guy is smart.
Thank you!
Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.
Can only try to be as successful as the Work hard!
Is there enough room for and egos in NYC at the same time? YES!
run for president please
Next president of the U.S.
when you going to be our new POTUS Only time will tell - thanks!
Even in Australia youre an inspiration! Thanks!
In all honesty if would enter into politics Id be his number 1 supporter, even though Im in liberal
Trump National will be a very special PGA event 2014
this guy has got good stuff, your the man Trump, 130am and Im up reading your book,
Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you. Thanks!
true inspiration to many people including myself
amen. Youre an American Thank you so much!
You are a big inspiration to me Mr.Trump. Im 24,Ugandan.When I make it,I will call my first business In D.J.Trump we Trust
I believe you as all your Children are poised, respectful and genuine. Good job Thanks Roxane!
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
Rising over Bay Street, brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City
Wow, just heard that that next Tuesdays Politics , Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
and who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. Theyve got to get their act together!
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, youll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan
leader Ed Coxs record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
Senate concludes Benghazi could have been prevented
continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrews legacy lives on.
Looking forward to being hosted by for Politics , Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester!
Great article by Jeffrey Lord The Reagan Revolution. And now... the Revolution?
Lightweight is fighting with Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight Does Eric wear eyeliner?
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do theres no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
I would like to thank a great writer and person, of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character. - John Wooden
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Shermans book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed and sued.
Its my 30th B Day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever? Happy Birthday
why dont you buy your own team? Youll be the best owner ever! Thanks.
Ive read 3 books from , the best advice is in all three. Do something youre passionate about. Great.
Im a Yankee fan , I agree whole heartedly. He aint worth it never was . TRUMP 2016! Great, thx.
Out of all the celebrities is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
A-Rods lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
is the man!! Huge inspiration Thanks!
a retweet today a new tie purchase from Macys tomorrow.
Trump needs his own Late Night Show!
I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow on a daily basis You cant live without it!
good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ?? Record business!
Cant wait 4 TrumpDC RT Thanks Michael, it will be the best - keep up the great work!
Enjoying my stay at the beautiful Thanks for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
Trumps a strong leader. Letterman is a weak, passive, insecure person. Thanks, but he is good!
Trust me, I have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!
how would you describe in one word? Magnificent!
- the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!
Watching Gates on - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didnt Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!! Thank you!
Ill be just like you one day You can do better than that!
Finally,Punta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missed this year and hope to see you in the opening!
As president would surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrity TRUE!
please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and youre the best man for the job! Thank you
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT. There is plenty to straighten out!
we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation! SO TRUE!
begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is Americas last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.
you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.
my family is going to Hawaii , I told them to go to I told them that yours are the best!
so ready for another I love love that show!
Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.
Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!
New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
Sending warm wishes to our dear friend on her birthday today! Happy birthday, Holly!
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
For great success, you need passion, but make sure its well directed. Learn everything you can about what youre doing. Be an expert.
for success Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what youre best at doing...
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
long time admirer. Want to buy one of your books for a friend. Any suggestions? The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Its my birthday and what a wonderful gift if I could get a retweet from such an inspirational man - Happy Birthday
where can I get these ties ? and Trump Tower.
Did you know your picture is on here?! You were so cute omg!
Wearing my tie today. Gonna be a great day. Great!
only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president, only you can save the
We need someone like or himself for President in 2016! Thank you!
If runs for president he has my vote Thanks!
Catch on Fred Dickers radio show Tuesday at 10AM re the governors race. LISTEN LIVE
Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!!
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you. So nice, thanks!
Best speech in history-
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do whats necessary and whats unnecessary will be made clear.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes , setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Dont allow them to knock you off your feet.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
Definitely a great book! Think like a Champion, to be a Champion! Thanks.
You are an inspiration and I admire your honesty, perseverance and business sense. Thank you.
Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday10 AM Las VegasGreat!
Just finished another great Trump book, one more to go Great!
Wow DonaldTrump for pres...America prepare for exceptional Greatness. Cheers Thanks.
I think a show on Fox wDonald Trump would be something to look forward to. Agree
what an amazing spot. Donald Trump , his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself Thx
No, we need a great businessman.
I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
U are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts Thank you.
do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you?? Yes.
Im a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and its great, like I knew your brand would be. From Serta!
Will be doing Fox , Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
I have been reviewing my options for this it has me with Im worried!
They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
Please run for President,everyone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets, Theyll be 162-0 every year
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners. Thank you!
Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!
I bought a couple beautiful ties at today. Guaranteed to look sharp this week.
I will be doing Fox , Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
. predicts that is Golfs greatest builder today.
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
you will get my vote Thanks!
until a proven job creator , inspiration for the common man
u would definitely be our best looking president ever Thank you, very nice!
thats awesome!
Only could help this country out of the hole its in.
what would be your first action as President? TO END OBAMACARE!
WHEN WILL WE HAVE ANOTHER PRESIDENT LIKE REAGAN?
I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others Thanks!
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open till midnight. GO SEE!
We need him as governor... this state is a mess.....
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but dont take things personally. Thats good business.
xxjustme I still cant believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. Respect He would be the best Pres for this Country. Thx
The Apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it! Thank you.
BRAVO!!! Thank you.
we love the Trump Chicago. Great place to live and visit. Thank you.
A beautiful addition to my citys skyline and great dining!! Thanks for making Chicago more beautiful than ever!! Thank you.
fantastic point of view, 95 of uk would agree with you there
when is your Vancouver BC hotel going to be finished? 18 months.
Agree! The best thing can do is start telling the TRUTH and nothing but the TRUTH!
Salmond is on a one man crusade to destroya Brilliant Union , his u turn on your investment is a disgrace! Thx
planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Intl?? Yes, it is the best.
Its Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL.
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
One of the worlds tallest buildings, is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options
Via Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but its actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and its time Alex Salmond manned up, stopped blaming Westminster cont
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
Please run for president, it would be my dream come true. No better person to run U.S.A.
Happy Birthday I always look forward to reading your advice..Great!
You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy
Thank You For Inspiring This World. No, thank you!
Out of all the famous people on twitter, the only one I see tweet regular people is
Got to love the Monday segments by on Fox , Friends. Never miss it. Its not Monday but worth a mention!
I can vote now and I expect to be voting for Thank you!
happy Birthday to one of my most admired men!!! Like a fine wine Mr. Trump Have a great Birthday! THANKS!
See, I told you God wanted you to be president, hes had me praying for you about it y many years. .Wow, so nice!
cant sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!
Im 22 I own my company I started because of you... any advice? Give me 10kidding
Birthdays are special and a retweet from would make it even more special Happy Birthday!
happy new year, Mr. Trump. Who was your role model before you became successful? My father, Fred Trump.
where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump
You should get a job at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!
Im 22... my company owns $6 million worth of multi-family properties... I started because of you... any advice?Great
Donald why the hell dont you run for President. Business genius unlike
Not only a GREAT show, but whats forgotten is the worthy causescharities being supported! Great work being done. THANKS!
my Donald Trump tie is my prized possession in my closet! Great!
This countrys economy would be back on track if became the next President. So true, thanks!
You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant , independent mind I think your show would surpass the
Congratulations Mr. Trump. We have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. So entertaining! Thanks!
Now lets get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits. Thanks!
celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. Great cast every season!
Id give anything for you to be our President. You have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!NICE
Love the Apprentice!!!
best reality show on TV. Love the challenges
I cant wait for this year. I never miss Apprentice! Show and cast will be amazing!
my family and I stayed at last weekend. It was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside! GREAT!
One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
We had a GREAT year with ties, shirts and suits, thanks! New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
With this cast u will have the show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin,thanks-will be great
Thank you for letting me play at The best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!
Has it been more than you ever expected? Far more and far better!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Why didnt Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone Robert Gates writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Please, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth.
Achievers move forward at all times. Dont tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass. - Think Big
Congratulations to on his five year anniversary as the anchor Brett is great!
Looking forward to hosting the House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament at Trump Intl West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
Will you or try to be president of the united states? You could be a great president. Thanks.
Just realised was in home alone 2! Looking dapper as always Thank you.
great quote! Im in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch! Thank you.
if you run for president, youll get my vote. Along with every one I know Thanks, so nice!
respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids Thanks Bob.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision , stick with it. Dont be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs Set the example and youll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldnt, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all controlso sad.
Via by Trump To Visit New Hampshire
Just hit a million on Facebook-
the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres , bring common sense back to govt Thx.
Blue Monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! Amazing course layout !! Thank you.
Most of the worlds great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
Antarctic ice shelf melt lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it via
The future is always beginning now. - Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
Record snowfall , freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality Doctor spent 2 hours on hold winsurance company to get approval for surgery
is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views
has great campaigns. Support one today
Via by Peter Millard Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics Corporate Brazil
Try to develop a tempo when youre working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, , is an important element of success.
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack. - Sun Tzu
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
Its Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early , get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - Think Big
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
The only Forbes 5 Star , 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star , 5 Diamond restaurant offers elite luxury
if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country! Thanks
ties are amazing, very well made!
you are the MAN!!!
Safe to say that is the biggest stud on the planet
irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!
the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!
Don for prez Thank you.
very true comment Donald, Im glad we have people like you in this day and age
You know its actually called CLIMATE CHANGE, right? Thats only because GLOBAL WARMING wasnt working!
Is Al Gore on that ship?
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
